
[The Lonely Island]
Nowwwwwww let's take a trip down memory lane
Back to junior high school where it all begain
Three bad little kids raisin hell at school
We were just 13, straight actin the fool
Every day after class Kiva's house was the spot
Makin crazy prank calls hopin not to get caught
Best friends, blood brothers, yo we one and the same
'Til one fateful afternoon when everything changed
One day playin Punch Out up and came doom
The house started shakin and we heard a kaboom
Looked out the back window saw billowin smoke
Yo your backyard is smashed - man this isn't a joke!
(Yo let's go check this out man) (Aight bet, let's go)
All the smoke and debris led straight to the basement
Yo what the hell is that? Man it looks like a spaceship
We all ran for cover, as the hatch opened wide
And a little green dude stepped out from inside; he said

[Little Green Dude]
I'm from Mars, and I come in peace
I have something to ask, and it's not discrete
There's a mutated strain in our DNA helix
And you three kids are the ones who can heal it

[The Lonely Island]
But we're just 13 man, what can we do?

[Little Gay Dude]
Umm how should I put this? I think we should screw
(What?!) On my home planet we can no longer breed
I've been sent as a receptacle to store your seed

[The Lonely Island]
Storin our seed? - Yo I think he means sex
Man I'm a virgin - we all are - BET!
{I'm just gonna lie here and close my eyes}
Aww what should we do? Now he's spreading his thighs!
{You'll be heroes on our planet} But why us 3?
{You're the chosen ones, you'll just have to trust me}

[Interlude]
Yo should we do it? Man I don't know
I say we put it to a vote.. all in favor..
say aye.. AYE~!

[The Lonely Island]
Okay, we're in {cool} who should go first?
{I have three depositories to capture your burst}
Wait, so at the same time? {Yeah that's what I was thinking}
{Here's some wine coolers, let's get you boys drinking}
We pounded the drinks and, started gettin tipsy
Then took our positions, and started gettin frisky
One in the front, and two in the back
Had it locked up like a Chinese finger trap

[Little Green Gay Dude]
Keep pumping away, my wife and family thank you

[The Lonely Island]
I'm about to explode - yo son, me too
THREE-WAY CLIMAX, best friends forever
What a blessing to have lost our virginity together
Yeah!

[Green Martian Queer]
Andy, Jorma, Kiv', you've saved my race
Your reward is one wish then I'll go back to space

[The Lonely Island]
We looked at each other, didn't have to talk
Knew exactly what we wanted, before he took off
Mr. Alien Sir, for what it's worth
WE WANT TO BE THE GREATEST FAKE MC'S ON EARTH

[Little Green Guy]
Your wish is granted and thanks again
I may have saved my planet but I'm losing three friends
What happened today was both incredible and bad
Therefore your name is Incredibad!

Incredibad... [scratching and samples]

[N.W.A. parody]
STOP STOP STOP STOP, STOP!!
SA-PRIZE, EVERYONE! [sirens]


[Intro]
Aiyyo fam, check this out
I was just at the club right?
Heard these two dudes talkin
One of them said to the other one
that they knew someone, who said you guys are WACK!

[Chorus]
Who said we're wack? You said we're wack?
You take it back! Who said we're wack?
You talkin smack? You're gonna get smacked!
(You sayin that I'm wack but it just ain't so)

[The Lonely Island]
Someone said we're wack, why would they say that?
I don't think we're wack, who said we're wack?
Who said we're wack? I can't believe that
They must be smokin crack, to say that we're wack
Say that we're wack, you probably get smacked
if you say we're wack, did you say we're wack?
WHO SAID WE'RE WACK? I'll paint your eye black!
Won'tcha check my facts - who said we're wack?

How could a person up and call a person wack?
How could the devil turn the blue sky black?
How many babies born will never reach their dreams?
And how could a person call another person wack?

I heard a rumor that somebody said we're wack
I think that's wack, to call someone wack
I AM NOT WACK, NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY
WHAT DID YOU SAY? DID YOU SAY I'M WACK?~!

[Outro]
All the ladies in the house put your hands up
All the fellas in the house put your hands up
Now whoever said we're wack put your hand up
Now everyone else, put your hands down
(Oh there he is, there he is!)


[bottle pops]

[Intro]
What is that, Cristal? (No!)
Dom P? (Hell no!)
(This is that Carlos Santana champagne!)
Oh shit, Santana DVX? That's my joint!
(Mine too, but a lot of these busters don't know about it)
WELL LET'S TELL THESE MOTHERFUCKERS~!

[The Lonely Island]
As a kid, I used to lay awake and think
When was Santana gonna make a drink?
But now I'm all grown and my dream came true
Santana champagne, from here to you
From the heart of Napa Valley and the guitar king
Comes a sparkling wine, to make a blind man sing
Yo it's the cham-pan-yah, from the man with the bandana
I can't stand a flute with anything but Santana
What's the first name in cham - it's Carlos
And to that man I propose a toast
In the 60's, he had lots of freebie sex
But now he's gettin down with the DVX

[Interlude]
Excuse me fellas!
Am I to understand that Carlos Santana has made a champagne?
(That's right motherfucker! Here, try it)
Alright [pops bottle] AWWWWWWWWW SHIT~!

[The Lonely Island]
I feel alive for the first time
Each sip hits my lips like a landmine
Without Carlos in my life I was livin a lie
He makes his guitar weep, but his champagne cries
He's a Southwest, tie wearin bolo champ
Comin straight out the box with a bolo champ'
Yo he a beast with the sugar and yeast, mix it in pots
Like the way his release mixed jazz blues and pops
And the salsa fusion, he's lady's shoe producin
Plus he teamed with Rob Thomas for a music revolution
On the 7th day, it was said God rest
But on the 8th day he made the DVX

[E-40]
Gentlemen, gentlemen, what is all the hubbub about?
(Carlos Santana!) That's right
I see bitches-is enjoyin my sparkling wine
(We certainly are) Well be careful
cause this shit'll get you fucked up
Bitch!

I'm like no other, one of a kind, my sparkling wine
Santana DVX make you wanna have sex (OOOOH)
I'm rich bitch! I'm havin my chips
Get laid all the time, by 70's chicks - uhh
Won hella Grammies, batches throw me they panties
I'm probably your daddy, I probably nutted in your mammy
I'm a Bay boy, city life, been around the corner
Try to play me foul and my vatos gon' run up on ya
A legend, a boss, that's what I are
Ask about me pimp, 'tana be killin the guitar
Old enough to know better but young enough to not care
I get active - might slap a bitch with my hair (WHIP)
Left coast up top I bang that shit
My sparkling wine'll pop Cristal on her lip
Cain't stop, won't stop gettin my bread
Pack arenas and coliseums now watch me shred

[guitar solo]
Ohhhh, San-tan-tan-tan-ahhhh

[The Lonely Island]
A monkey drank a bottle and learned to speak
A queer drank a bottle and became a freak
A lion drank a bottle and forgot how to growl

[E-40]
A horse drank a bottle, and fucked a cow~!

Lock eyes from across the room
Down my drink while the rhythms boom
Take your hand and skip the names
No need here for the silly games
Make our way through the smoke and crowd
The club is the sky and I'm on your cloud
Move in close as the lasers fly
Our bodies touch and the angels cry
Leave this place go back to yours
Our lips first touch outside your doors
The whole night what we've got in store
Whisper in my ear that you want some more
And I
Jizz in my pants

This really never happens you can take my word
I won't apologise, that's just absurd
Mainly your fault from the way that you dance
And now I
Jizz in my pants

Don't tell your friends or I'll say you're a slut
Plus it's your fault, you were rubbing my butt
I'm very sensitive, some would say that's a plus

Now I'll go home and change

I need a few things from the grocery
Do things alone now mostly
Left me heart-broken not lookin' for love
Surprise in my eyes when I looked above
The check-out counter and I saw a face
My heart stood still so did time and space
Never felt that I could feel real again
But the look in her eyes said I need a friend
She turned to me that's when she said it
Looked me dead in the face, asked, "Cash or credit?"
And I
Jizzed in my pants

It's perfectly normal, nothing wrong with me
But we're going to need a clean up on aisle 3
And now I'm posed in an awkward stance because I
Jizzed in my pants

To be fair you were flirting a lot
Plus the way you bag cans got me bothered and hot
Please stop acting like you're not impressed
One more thing, I'm gonna pay by check

Last week I saw a film
As I recall it was a horror film
Walked outside into the rain
Checked my phone and saw you rang and I
Jizzed in my pants

Speeding down the street when the red lights flash
Need to get away need to make a dash
A song comes on that reminds me of you and I
Jizz in my pants

The next day my alarm goes off and I
Jizz in my pants

Open my window and a breeze rolls in and I
Jizz in my pants

When Bruce Willis was dead at the end of Sixth Sense I
Jizzed in my pants

I just ate a grape and I
Jizzed in my pants

I went
Jizzed in my pants

OK, seriously you guys can we, OK?

I jizz right in my pants every time you're next to me
And when we're holding hands it's like having sex to me
You say I'm premature I just call it ecstasy
I wear a rubber at all times it's a necessity

'Cause I
Jizz in my pants
(I jizz in my pants, I jizz in my pants, yes I jizz in my pants, yes I jizz in my pants)
Yes I jizz in my pants
(I jizz in my pants, I jizz in my pants)


[Intro (T-Pain)]
(Shortayyyy) Aww shit
Get your towels ready it's about to go down (shorty, yeah)
Everybody in the place hit the fuckin deck (shorty, yeah)
But stay on your motherfuckin toes
We runnin this, let's go

[Chorus (T-Pain)]
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
Everybody look at me cause I'm sailin on a boat (sailin on a boat)
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
I'm on a boat
Take a good hard look at the motherfuckin boat (boat, yeah)

[The Lonely Island (T-Pain)]
I'm on a boat motherfucker take a look at me
Straight flowin on a boat on the deep blue sea
Bustin five knots, wind whippin out my coat
You can't stop me motherfucker cause I'm on a boat

Take a picture, trick (trick) I'm on a boat, bitch (bitch)
We drinking Santana champ, cause it's so crisp (crisp)
I got my swim trunks, and my flippie-floppies
I'm flippin burgers, you at Kinko's straight flippin copies

I'm ridin on a dolphin, doin flips and shit
The dolphin's splashin, gettin e'rybody all wet
But this ain't Seaworld, this is real as it gets
I'm on a boat motherfucker, don't you ever forget

I'm on a boat and, it's goin fast and
I got a nautical themed pashmina afghan
I'm the king of the world, on a boat like Leo
If you're on the shore, then you're sho' not me-oh
{Get the fuck up, this boat is REAL!!!}

Fuck land, I'm on a boat, motherfucker (motherfucker)
Fuck trees, I climb buoys, motherfucker (motherfucker)
I'm on the deck with my boys, motherfucker (yeah)
This boat engine make noise, motherfucker

Hey ma, if you could see me now (see me now)
Arms spread wide on the starboard bow (starboard bow)
Gonna fly this boat to the moon somehow (moon somehow)
Like Kevin Garnett, anything is possible

[T-Pain]
Yeah, never thought I'd be on a boat
It's a big blue watery road (yeah)
Poseidon~!! Look at me, oh (all hands on deck)
Never thought I'd see the day
When a big boat comin my way
Believe me when I say, I fucked a mermaid

[Chorus]

[T-Pain]
Whoahhh
Sha-sha-shorty, shorty
Yeah yeah yeahhh


[The Lonely Island]
Wellllll he was the Sax Man from the state of Tennessee
First set in with the band at the ripe old age of three - we told
And when he blew into that horn all the people gathered 'round
Club manager jumped right up and said "Boy I gotta have that sound!"
Scream "Hallelujah Lord!", I said the Sax Man's got my soul
Everybody gotta move their feet, when the Sax Man started to blow
Now blow it Sax Man!

[farting saxophone sounds]

Mmmmmm'kay he's a little shy, but his genius cannot hide
Cause when the Sax Man starts to win he gonna take you on a ride
Take it Sax Man!

[two saxophone notes]

Ow! Take it Sax Man!
Okay he'll be right with you folks!

All right, Sax Man, that's my fault, I put you on the spot
But now you're all warmed up and this-a next one's gonna be hot
Kick it Sax Man! (C'mon!)

[one bad note]

(What the fuck are you doing!!)

[another bad note]

Haha, okay! Why don't we have a little inspiration now
You know this game, Sax Man!
Repeat after me
Here we go, and..
Shibbidy bop bop, buda bop bah [one note]
Dip dip di-dip, dip dip di-dip dip [two weak notes]
Arrip da di-dip, bop ba-doo-doo day-day [no sound at all]
Fuckin play somethin Sax Man! [pause.. one weak note]
Okay, movin on!
Sax Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan~!
Sax Man!

[one off key note]

[The Lonely Island]
Lazy Sunday, wake up in the late afternoon
Call Parnell just to see how he's doin (Hello?)
What up, Parns? (Yo Samberg, what's crackin?)
You thinkin what I'm thinkin? (NARNIA!) Man it's happenin
(But first my hunger pangs are stickin like duct tape)
Let's hit up Magnolia and mack on some cupcakes
(No doubt that bakery's got all the bomb frostings)
I love those cupcakes like McAdams loves Gossling [echoes]

(TWO!) No six! (No twelve!) BAKERS DOZEN!
I told you that I'm crazy for these cupcakes, cousin!
(Yo where's the movie playin?) Upper Westside dude
(Well let's hit up Yahoo Maps to find the dopest route!)
I prefer MapQuest (that's a good one too)
Google Maps is the best (true dat) DOUBLE TRUE!
68th to Broadway (step on it sucker)
What'cha wanna do Chris? (SNACK ATTACK MOTHERFUCKER!)

[Chorus]
Hit The Chronic (what?) cles of Narnia
Yes The Chronic (what?) cles of Narnia
We love The Chronic (what?) cles of Narnia
Pass The Chronic (what?) cles of Narnia

[The Lonely Island]
Yo stop at the deli, the theater's overpriced
(You got the backpack?) Gonna pack it up nice
(Don't want security to get suspicious!)
Mr. Pibb and Red Vines equals crazy delicious!
(Yo reach in my pocket, pull out some dough)
Girl acted like she'd never seen a ten befo'
IT'S ALL ABOUT THE HAMILTONS BABY
Throw the snacks in the bag (and I'm a ghost like Swayze)

(Roll up to the theater) ticket buyin, what we're handlin
(You can call us Aaron Burr) from the way we're droppin Hamiltons
(Now parked in our seats, movie trivia's the illest)
What "Friends" alum starred in films with Bruce Willis?
(We answered so fast it was scary)
Everyone stared in awe when we screamed MATTHEW PERRY!
Now quiet in the theater or it's gonna get tragic
(We're about to get taken to a dream world of magic!)

[Chorus]

[gun blast and DJ scratching]

"Normal Guy (Interlude)"

Hey what's up man?
Aww not much, you?
Hey are you ready for the party tonight?
Yeah man already got a case of Santana champagne
So, should be good
Oh nice
Yeah that's... (YOO-HOOOO!)
Aww shit
Oh man, don't make eye contact
(DING-DONG! NORMAL GUY IN THE HOUSE!)
Hey man
Hey
(OH IT'S GREAT SEEING YOU OTHER NORMAL GUYS)
Ohh yeah
Uh-huh
(WHAT ARE YOU GUYS UP TOOOOO!)
Ahh not much
(HEY WHAT ARE YOU OTHER NORMAL GUYS UP TO!)
Seriously nothing we're just standing here
(DO YOU GUYS KNOW WHAT I HATE!!)
What?
(HANGING OUT WITH A WEIRDO!)
Yeah
(HANGING OUT WITH SOME LOSER WEIRDO)
Yeah we..
(IT'S MY BIGGEST PEEVE)
Yeah well I was just actually
(IT'S LIKE THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE WE'RE COMING FROM)
Right, we understand
(I CAN'T TAKE IT WHEN SOME WEIRDO SHOWS UP UNANNOUNCED)
Okay well I gotta get going
(THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH ANY OF US)
Okay man yeah
(NONE OF US HAVE ANY MAJOR PRO-BLEMS!)
Ohhh man
(HEY LET'S MAKE A PACT!)
What?
(LET'S MAKE A SUICIDE PACT!)
Ohh no, that's cracy
(I'll go first) {BANG}

"And the award for best comedy sketch goes to
The Lonely Island"

[Rap]
Who said we're wack? Who said we're wack?
You take it back - who said we're wack?
(Thank you very much)


[The Lonely Island:]
Imagine in your mind a posh country club
The stuffy old money where the poor kid's snubbed
The spread is bland: sauerkraut and boiled goose
There's no way these people will ever cut loose

But then I walk in the room, hold my boombox high
And what happened next, will blow your mind

[Julian Casablancas:]
Everything got outta control
The music was so entrancing
Everyone got out on the floor
It was a bunch of old white people dancing

[The Lonely Island:]
Now picture if you will a bunch of business men
Stuffed in the boardroom like pigs in a pen
The ties around the necks are like a hangman's noose
In the middle of the table there's a boiled goose

The old people smell makes you want to puke in the sink
These dudes will never dance - yeah, that's what you think
I stride in the room all young and hip
Hold up my boombox and say listen to this

[Julian Casablancas:]
Then everyone started to move
People rejoiced instead of financing
Your preconceived notions were shattered
By the super old white people dancing

[The Lonely Island:]
The big apple, where people never dance
Spirits go down while profits expand
The cops or the dealers, who's got the juice?
The street vendors peddling their boiled goose

So many types of people will never get along
Till I bust out my boombox and play this song

[Julian Casablancas:]
The music washed away all the hate
And society started advancing
Every demographic was represented
It was a rainbow coalition of dancing
Whoa!
Everyone was wearing fingerless gloves
Whoaaaaaoaaaaaoh!
I saw a Spanish guy doing the Bartman

[The Lonely Island:]
Transport now to an old folks home
Where the elderly are tossed on their brittle bones
The orderlies are stealing; there's no excuse!
Everyday for lunch they eat boiled goose

So I grabbed my boombox and hit the turbo bass
And what happened next was a total disgrace

[Julian Casablancas:]
Everybody started having sex
The music was way too powerful
A bunch of old people fucking like rabbits
It was disgusting to say the least
Oh!
A boombox can change the world
You gotta know your limits with a boombox
This was a cautionary tale
A boombox is not a toy

"Shrooms (Interlude)"

I'm on shrooms! (YAYYYY!)
I'm on shrooms! (YAYYYY!)
I'm on shrooms! (YAYYYY!)
I'm on shrooms!

Lahh, la la la lah-lah la la la la
Lah lahhhhh
Lahh, la la la lah-lah la la la la
La lah lahhhhh

I'm on shrooms!

"We Like Sportz"

[Jorma:] Hello?
[Kiv:] Hi, do you want to go to a party with me?
[Jorma:] No. The game's on.
[Kiv:] Oh, I almost forgot. I'll be right there.

We like sportz and we don't care who knows
From shooting hoops, to the Super Bowl
We like sportz and we don't care who knows
Football Football Football. Tennis. Hockey. Golf.

The game is starting everyone is here,
I got my snacks, my friends, and a beer
Just two normal guyz hanging out having fun
[Kiv:] Right guy number 2?
[Jorma:] Yeah guy number 1.
E to the S to the P to the N
Is all I watch cause I'm the man
If my team loses I'll be mean all night
If you tell me to relax we'll get in a fight
Watching sportz with girls is a pain
They don't know the rules; there's no time to explain
Single, double, triple, home-run
For the celebration I'll shoot my gun
I like my friend, he's a real guys guy
He's not a loud-mouth like that cunt-hole Steve
We like sportz and we don't care who knows
From Wimbledon to the Astrodome

We like sportz and we don't care who knows
Football Football Football. Tennis. Hockey. Golf.

Now when I say "sportz", you say "nutz"
"Sportz!"
"Nutz!"
"Sportz!"
"Nutz!"
When I say "cheating", you say "sux"
"Cheating!"
"Sux!"
"Cheating!"
"Sux!"

I drink whiskey cause I like the taste
You think its bitter but I think its great
I also drink whiskey and we smoke cigars
Don't believe me? Smell our cars
We're real men, and we like sportz
If you say we're not then we'll see you in court
[Jorma:] I'm team captain and I choose you
[Kiv:] I'm the other team captain and I choose you too
We steal the ball and we're off to the races
Then scare the other team with our mad dog faces like,
What what what what what what.
What what what what what what.

We like sportz and we don't care who knows
From the pregame jokes to the wrap-up show
We like sportz and we don't care who knows
Football Football Football. Tennis. Hockey. Golf.

[Kiv:] Throw me the baseball.
[Jorma:] Now toss me the pig skin.
[Kiv:] Now feed me the rock.
[Jorma:] Now give me the rock.

"Dreamgirl"
(feat. Norah Jones)

(The following song is brought to you by Chex Mix) 

Some dude once said that love is a many funny things 
I know there's a perfect girl out there for me, cuz I see her 
in my dreams 

Dream girl, you're a fantasy, you're the only one 
Out there for me 
My love 

Dream girl you amaze me all dressed in paisley 
Love how not one but both eyes are lazy 
When I first saw you you were drivin' the bus 
Thick skin, strong nose like a rhinoceros 

Dream girl so beautiful, lips all crumby 
Skin like asphalt, nose so runny 
Thick thighs, no waist, not a care in the world 
You not crazy girl, you just my baby girl 

If you envision in sweats with the neon patch 
Half eaten squirrel hangin' outta your mouth 
Rainbow poncho, the female tonto 
Hear a loud noise drop a bucket like a bronco 

Dream girl, you're a fantasy, you're the only one 
Out there for me 
My love 

You got your cellphone ring set to Sex and the City 
You like a hot bowl of gritz only way more gritty 
Straight drippin' your turquoise my Santa Fe queen 
One short leg you got the Santa Fe Lean 

It's music to my ears when you scream in your sleep 
And when you lift your skirt in public yo I can't help but peek 
You like Cleopatra with the eyes of a pig 
Love to watch you in the backer when you go out to dig 

Girl how'd you get those mouse traps glued to your neck 
Little rascal, how'd you get screwed to the deck? 
You put away slurpees like a trash can 

Your smiles all stainy and your not too brainy and 
I like that! 

Talking to your shoes lke it's your friend 
I like that! 

Yellin' at the walls of make pretend 
I like that! 

Tellin' you to stop it then you don't 
You said you gonna stop it in my sleep 
But you won't! 

Last week thought I saw you on the straight turn that was a bag of trash 
Just a big ol' bag of trash 
I thought you look like a bag of trash 

Dream girl I pitch a tent when you stomp in the room 
Like a hellbound turkey mixed with a baboon 
Your sexy and your spicy like a bowl of Chex Mix 
And I always feel safe when I'm in your flesh mitts 

Your teeth so clean coulda swore you were British 
Never take the Chex Mix cuz you always get skinnish 
Open clamps with both feet cuz your ambidextrous 
No point cuz we know you eat nothin' but Chex Mix 

Chex Mix number one food snack in the land 
It's the cereal taste that you eat with your hand 
Chex Mix at your local grocer buy your box 
Your family will all say 
CHEX MIX ROCKS! 

Chex Mix, your the snack for me, your the only one 
I'll ever eat or buy 
Chex Mix your delicious, you got 60% less fat than potato chips 
The end

"Ras Trent"

Jah! Rastafarianism 
Yes I, Ras Trent 
Ba-da ding-ding-ding-ding whooaaaaa! 
Who dem? 
You no want test me champion sound 

Oh fire pon Babylon 
and fire pon a batty boy 
Rude boy living in the shanty dorms 
My roommate Nick is an ignorant ballhead! 

Now chant down Babylon 
midterm essays 
Then puff from de chalice 
I fi make from a Sprite can 

Last week I read a book 
about Selassie I 
Then told my bomboclat parents 
I was switching religions 

Excuse I! 
Oh hot stepper, you do so many dutty crimes 
Nyabinghi! 
And plus you're fully skylarking all the time 

Unnu look ya now! 

Have you ever noticed 
how ball-heads suck? 
Ba-da-da ding-ding-ding-ding 
dong-dang ding-dong duck! 

Excuse I for my skanking 
give thanks and praise 
Me toil part-time 
at jah Cold Stone Creamery 

In a dub style! 
Roller skates...a DVD of Cool Runnings...Murder, She Wrote 
Yagga-yagga-yagga yowwww! 

Are you there Jah? It's me, Ras Trent 
Are you there Jah? It's me, Ras Trent 

Are you there Jah? It's me, Ras Trent 
Please guide me [mumbles] pon your bike path of righteousness 

Oh stannaho, stannaho, stannaho, stannahoy Jaaaah! 
Fussing and fighting and Zion and Roots 
Red Stripe, Shabba, Ragamuffin and culture 
Me night nurse never want to plant de corn 
Skiddily-whoa 
Diddily, skiddily diddily diddily...[fades out]

"Dick In A Box"
(feat. Justin Timberlake)

Hey girl I got somethin' real important to give you 
So just sit down and listen 
Girl you know we've been together such a long long time (such a long time) 
And now I'm ready to lay it on the line 
(Wooow) You know it's Christmas and my heart is open wide 
Gonna give you something so you know what's on my mind 
A gift real special, so take off the top 
Take a look inside -- it's my dick in a box 
Not gonna get you a diamond ring 
That sort of gift don't mean anything 
Not gonna get you a fancy car 
Girl ya gotta know you're my shining star 
Not gonna get you a house in the hills 
A girl like you needs somethin' real 
Wanna get you somethin' from the heart 
Somethin' special girl 
It's my dick in a box, my dick in a box babe 
It's my dick in a box, my dick in a box girl 
See I'm wise enough to know when a gift needs givin' (yeah) 
And I got just the one, somethin' to show ya that you are second to none 
To all the fellas out there with ladies to impress 
It's easy to do just follow these steps 
1: Cut a hole in a box 
2: Put your junk in that box 
3: Make her open the box 
And that's the way you do it 
It's my dick in a box... my dick in a box babe 
It's my dick in a box, my dick in a box girl 
Christmas; dick in a box 
Hanukkah; dick in a box 
Kwanzaa; a dick in a box 
Every single holiday a dick in a box 
Over at your parent's house a dick in a box 
Mid day at the grocery store a dick in a box 
Backstage at the CMA's a dick in a box (yeah-wow-wow-wow-wow-wow) 
a dick in a box...

"The Old Saloon (Interlude)"

(Yo I'm being serious)
Yo, it's the wild wild west
You came to the right place my man
Get ready, here we go

New Shit! 
Welcome my friends to the old saloon
Everyone in town is hangin out
If you got a drink, well you drink it down
Then we'll all go have sex with the whoever! 

Brand new! 

Buffalo Bill, I just rode into town
On my horse, you betcha on a horse
That's the thing in the old west times, 
Everyone enjoys a good horse ride

If you cheat at cards ya get thrown out! 
Right out the saloon doors on your butt
Go back in and buy a round of whiskey
Guess what? All is forgiven! 

DJ LARRY! 

Well look who's here, it's Calamity Jane
And you're another guy who's probly an injun! 
This whiskey's warm and it tastes like piss! 
DJ LARRY! 
Oh no! My stash smells like piss! 

So that's your story, stickin to it
The old wild west is no place for a lady
I'm the bartender, but I'm also the mayor
So just put that in your pipe and smoke it

DJ waaahaa! 

Tiny Tim and it's almost Christmas, 
Sure is dusty here.

"Punch You In The Jeans"

These days, a lot a cats is outta line 
Seems to me, like they need to get punched 
Yeah, but where you gonna punch em? 
Yo, the choice is obvious 
I'll punch you in the jeans 
I'll punch you in the jeans 
This is not a case of man vs machine 
You think that you're safe, thought you got away clean? 
I'll roll up on you smooth and punch you in the jeans 
I got my fists clenched, gonna throw a haymaka 
Rockin your slacks from here to jaimaica 
Shake in your boots, cuz I'm the earthquaka 
Bringin those jeans round here was a mistaka 
I gotta vendetta, it's against your jeans (yeah) 
Gonna put my knuckles up against the seams 
They can be on your legs or on the clothesline 
But when I see the zipper and cloth, it's go time! 
And I'm zeroed in, I got the tunnel vision 
Gonna cover you in shit like a ton of pigeons 
Man I hate your jeans, I'm gonna bruise that denim 
It really doesn't matter as long as you're in em' 
Yo we'll punch your jeans, we've said it before 
Best believe this is not a metaphor 
Better watch your back, cuz we're on the creep 
And we won't stop till your jeans are six feet deep! 
Man I'll murder your jeans, I'll feed em to the fishes 
Heres what I'd do, if I had three wishes 
Punch your jeans, on all three counts 
It would bring me satisfaction in large amounts 
If I had three wishes I would do the same 
We see eye to eye in this jean punch game 
I'd lay em in a field, where there's chemical sprayin 
But I'd punch em first, yo that goes without sayin (yeah) 
Acid wash pleats or a nifty cuff 
It's just another jean for my fist to stuff 
Throwin fistacuffs, eat pants like bag lunches 
Jeans pronounced dead 
Cause of death? 
Hecka punches! 
Yo we'll punch your jeans, we've said it before 
Best believe this is not a metaphor 
You got somethin to say, we got the proper retorts 
Beat your jeans so bad that they'll wish they were shorts 
Gonna revise your Levi's with physical harm 
Put divets in the rivets with my physical arm 
Gonna beat those jeans, gonna dip em in slime 
Turn your 501s into 499s 
When I punch a jean I like to imagine a face 
The fly is the nose and the balls are the base of the face 
You got taste and it shows my man 
God damn your jean brand got me throwin my hands 
Gonna go back in time, find the man who made jeans 
And choke him to death, if you know what I mean 
Yo I know what you mean, so keep your jeans on a hush 
Breakout, before you get bumrushed 
Yo we'll punch your jeans, we've said it before 
Best believe this is not a metaphor 
So take off your jeans, and reverse the curse 
Cuz we the best jean punchers in the universe 
(It really doesn't matter as long as you're in em') [x2]

"Space Olympics"

Reach for the stars! 

You stand on a distant planet 
Skyline of red plateaus 
Strange air and vegetation 
You're a winner! 

Welcome to the Space Olympics 
The year Thirty Twenty Two 
Take part in a grand tradition 
Your name echoes in the holes of the universe! 

Believe in yourself! 
Take your game into outer space! 

Every single galactic athlete 
Needs a coded ID badge 
Drug tests are mandatory 
You're a winner! 

The Athlete's Village is on Zargon 
You all get a junior suite 
We don't cover incidentals 
So keep your ass off the minibar! 

You're the best in the world! 
Brace yourself 'cause there's no gravity! 

You're in the motherfuckin' Space Olympics! 

Let it be known by every nation 
You'll only get one meal a day 
There was a bit of a budget SNAFU 
And food funding is insufficient 

We can't really enforce a curfew 
As there is no light or sound 
Just one of the many problems 
With hosting a sporting event in space. 

Attention all athletes. There are minor scheduling adjustments. 

Space Disc! Is totally cancelled. 
Space Swords! Is totally cancelled. 
Space Luge! Is also cancelled. 
And all other events are pending! 

Welcome to your Space Olympics 
All the oxygen has run out 
And someone who will not be named 
Accidentally hit self-destruct 

As you file to your escape pods 
I'll distract the alien hordes 
And as I stare death in the face I know my sins will take me to hell. 

You do it for the love 
My love 
And there ain't no woman that could take your spot my love

"Natalie's Rap"
(feat. Natalie Portman)

[Interview #1]
[I] We're sitting here today with film star Natalie Portman
[N] Hello
[I] So, Natalie, what's a day in the life of Natalie Portman is like?
[N] Do you really want to know?
[I] Please, tell us

[Natalie Portman]
I don't sleep, motherfucker, off that 'gnac and the bourbon
Doing 120 getting head while I'm swerving
(Damn, Natalie, you a crazy chick)
Yo, shut the fuck up and suck my dick
I bust in dudes' mouths like gushers motherfucker
Pull up on NBC and smack the shit outta Jeff Zucker
What you want Natalie? (To drink and fight!)
What you need Natalie? (To fuck all night!)
Don't test me when I'm crazy off that airplane glue
Put my foot down your throat 'til your shit's in my shoe
Leave you screaming, pay for my dry-cleaning
Fuck your man it's my name that he's screaming!

[Interview #2]
[I] I'm sorry Natalie, are we to believe that you condone driving while intoxicated?
[N] I never said that I was a role model
[I] But what about the kids that look up to you?
[I] Do you have a message for them?

[Natalie Portman]
All the kids looking up to me can suck my dick
It's Portman motherfucker, drink 'til I'm sick
Slit your throat and pour nitrous down the hole
Watch you laugh and cry; while I laugh, you die
And all the dudes, you know I'm talking to you
(We love you Natalie!) I wanna fuck you too!
(P!) It's for Portman! (P!) It's for pussy!
I'll kill your fucking dog for fun, so don't push me

[Interview #3]
[I] Wow Natalie, I'm surprised, all this coming from a Harvard graduate?
[N] Well, there's a lot you may not know about me
[I] Really? Such as?..

[Natalie Portman]
When I was in Harvard I smoked weed everyday
I cheated every test and snorted all the yay
I got a def posse, you got a bunch of dudes
I sit right down on your face and take a shit

[The Lonely Island]
Natalie, you are a bad ass bitch (hell yeah!)
And I always pay for your dry-cleaning
When my shit gets in your shoe (What!)
And as for the drug use
Well, I can't vouch for that,
My dick is scared of you (ooh)

[Outro]
[I] Okie doke. Natalie, one final question
[I] If you could steal a smooch from any guy in Hollywood who would it?
[N] No more questions

[N] What!

"Bing Bong Brothers"

[The Lonely Island]
You, might, like, our penises

Hey girl, from over here your butt looks soft
Maybe if I could touch it, I could tell if it's soft
Tell me if it's soft, cause I'd really like to touch it
And then I'll show you my penis (you guys)
And then I'll show you my penis (you guys)
And then I'll show you my penis (you guys)
You, might, like, my penis

Hey pretty girl, did you go to college?
Did you get your B.A., with all that knowledge?
I like your boobies, in your shirt
Please let me show you my penis (mmmm)
Please let me show you my penis (aoww)
Please let me show you my penis (mmmm)
You, might, like, my penis

(OHH!) Look at our penises
(OHH!) Look at our penises
(UHH!) Look at our penises
(UHH!) You, will, like, our penises

I, will, look, at your vagina

Mr. Samberg, thanks for coming to your performance review.
No problem.
So you're in charge around here, is that fair to say?
Absolutely, I'm the boss.
OK, so take us through a day in the life of "The Boss".
Well the first thing I do is

Talk to corporate (like a boss)
Approve memos (like a boss)
Lead a workshop (like a boss)
Remember birthdays (like a boss)
Direct work-flow (like a boss)
My own bathroom (like a boss)
Micro-manage (like a boss)
Promote synergy (like a boss)

Hit on Deborah (like a boss)
Get rejected (like a boss)
Swallow sadness (like a boss)
Send some faxes (like a boss)
Call a sex line (like a boss)
Cry deeply (like a boss)
Demand a refund (like a boss)
Eat a bagel (like a boss)

Harassment lawsuit (like a boss)
No promotion (like a boss)
5th of vodka (like a boss)
Shit on Deborah's desk (like a boss)
Buy a gun (like a boss)
In my mouth (like a boss)
Oh fuck me, I can't fucking do it, shit!

Pussy out (like a boss)
Puke on Deborah's desk (like a boss)
Jump out the window (like a boss)
Suck a dude's dick (like a boss)
Score some coke (like a boss)
Crash my car (like a boss)
Suck my own dick (like a boss)
Eat some chicken strips (like a boss)

Chop my balls off (like a boss)
Black out in the sewer (like a boss)
Meet a giant fish (like a boss)
Fuck its brains out (like a boss)
Turn into a jet (like a boss)
Bomb the Russians (like a boss)
Crash into the sun (like a boss)
Now I'm dead (like a boss)

Uh huh. So that's an average day for you then.
No doubt.
You chop your balls off and die.
Hell yeah.
And I think at one point there you said something about sucking your own dick?
Nope.
Actually, I'm pretty sure you did.
Nah, that ain't me.
OK, well this has been eye-opening for me.
I'm the boss.
Ya, I know, I got that. You said it about 400 times.
I'm the boss.
Ya, ya, I got it.
I'm the boss.
No, I heard you, see you later!
(like a boss)

[Chorus]
Turtle neck n' chain [x3] (sippin' on a light beer)
Turtle neck n' chain [x3] (sippin' on a light beer)
Turtle neck n' chain [x3] (sippin' on a light beer)

[The Lonely Island]
My turtleneck fat and my chain so thin,
N' I'm sippin' light beer, n my crew right here
Chain razor thin like beer in my cup,
And my sweater on turtle with the neck on puff
Huge turtle neck and my chain so skinny
Beer light all night, stand up get dizzy
Light cup, beer drink, thin so chain, neck turtle fat, man I won't say it again

[Chorus]
Turtle neck n' chain [x3] (sippin' on a light beer)

Turtle neck (check) with another on deck
Incase I spill something on it (like some light beer?) Yes.
We be braggin' bout whose chain is the thinnest
Turtle neck thicker than Delta Burke swimmin' in a Guinness (now bear witness)
But they can't see my chain,
Metal so thin it dissolve when it rain
Got more chains than the snow patrol
Everyone razor thin like an insect stripper pole

[Chorus]
Turtle neck n' chain [x3] (sippin' on a light beer)

Chain so light when a breeze roll by, man it float (man it float) 
And my beer so light you could see right through it, like a ghost
And I also wear turtle necks
Sweaters swallowing my chain like it's stuck in the couch
Looking like cookie monster flossin' his mouth
Find me coolin' on the corner sippn' light beer foam
You can tell by my turtle neck and chain that I bone
Turtleneck, light beer, n' a thin ass chain, n' that's it [x2]

[Snoop Dogg]
The rabbit kicked the bucket, dog said fuck it,
Get my 2 step on, with my turtle neck on
Thin ass chain, like beer in my glass
Mackin at the bitches, the ones with the ass
Girl you know it's true, tell me what it do
Oh you like my style, say you like my crew
Say you wanna' be under my chest, this turtle neck is like one of my best [x2]
So I guess your dress, no stress, stayin' fresh as my bandana
Ima crook, so my look, Ima game go getta
The fatter the puppy, get the fluffy, get the bigger the turtleneck,
The more gangster it is

[Chorus]
Turtle neck n' chain [x3] (sippin' on a light beer)
Turtle neck n' chain [x3] (sippin' on a light beer)

"Reba (Two Worlds Collide)"
(feat. Kenan Thompson)

[ANDY]
Oh, it’s been a long time coming
Two of the world’s greatest
America’s Sweetheart, Reba McEntyre
([Kenan:] Yeah, yeah, how you doin’, Andy?)
We ‘bout to take it to the top
Hit ‘em, Reba

[KENAN]
Haters in my face
Try to keep me down
But you know we keep on shining ([Andy:] Here we go!)
Two big stars from opposite worlds

‘Bout to set this track on fire ([Andy:] Yeah, she’s the queen of country)
He’s a comedy prince
Makin’ something out of nothing ([Andy:] We hooked up in the studio to make this song!)
But as usual we ended up fucking ([Andy:] No doubt!)

[ANDY]
Flashback to when I first met Reba
Sitcom dressing room, puffing on cheeba
I said I was a fan, she said “groovy”
Dropped her denim skirt and said, “hop to it”
Made love all night ([Kenan:] More like we fucked!)

Kids banging on the door, trynna interrupt
But them autographs can wait
‘Cause this is way too strong
I can’t leave it alone
Because her pussy’s the bomb

[KENAN]
Well my pussy is the bomb and that’s a fact
But these n-words keep on tripping ([Andy:] Okay!)
So I stay on my grind and drop these hits
‘Cause I can’t go back to stripping (I’m Reba!)

([Andy:] You’re my undercover freak)
And you’re my best friend, but our families don’t approve
([Andy:] That’s right ‘cause I’m a city boy)
And I’m a country girl
And I’ll never leave your sweet balls blue

[ANDY]
Ay, because a girl like Reba’s got just what I need
With big, broad shoulders and a red ass weave ([Kenan:] And a penis)
Hot damn, she fly
All she wanna do is fuck me
I’m a lucky guy ([Kenan:] I’m a guy too)

My friends think I should dump her
They say she’s a man who found a wig in a dumpster ([Kenan:] Your friends are smart)
Naw, Rebs, they’re just jealous ‘cause I’m dating a star instead of hanging with the fellas ([Kenan:] Hanging like my nuts)
Word up, they’re just liars
They can’t believe that I could pull Reba McEntyre

[KENAN]
Since I came out my mama’s butt
I knew I was destined for greatness
I looked in a dumpster and saw a wig
And thought, “hey brother, I’m gon’ take this” ([Andy:] Tell ‘em, Reba!)
So I put it right on and took a stroll
Right over to 30 Rock ([Andy:] SNL!)
I saw Andy Samberg and he thought I was Reba
And I made him suck my dirty cock

[ANDY]
So there you have it
Two worlds collide
We the new Bonnie and Clyde ([Kenan:] Reba!)
From haystacks to Maybachs, our love will survive
For Reba I ride, ‘til the day that we die ([Kenan:] I’m Reba!)

"We're Back!"

Aye yo, new Lonely Island, 2011
Let’s get ‘em Kiv!
Aye yo my dick don’t work, that shit is soft as a pillow
My girlie lookin’ at me like “You for real dude?”

Aye yo, hold up, hold up, we gotta come harder than that! Yo tell ‘em Andy!

I think there might be something wrong with my dick
It’s like a melted stick of butter so soft that it can’t fill a rubber.

Aye yo come on man, this is Lonely Island, people are countin’ on us, I gotta run all these motherfuckers myself! Whoo!

Aye yo I think I broke my dick in the sink
it’s so small and ugly, all smashed and flat like it was playin’ rugby.
HOLD UP HOLD UP, this is serious, Kiv let ‘em know!
Yo for real though, I suffer from stinky dick.
Every time I take a piss it smells just like shit.
HAHA yeah that’s what I’m talkin’ ’bout! Andy show ‘em how it’s done!

My dick looks like the fat that you cut off a steak, smashed in like my balls went and stepped on a rake.

LONELY ISLAND! GRAMMY NOMINATED, YEA! HIT ‘EM AGAIN!

Yo straight out the box with my soggy little shrimp
I was a eight year old girl before the doctor found my dick.
We make too much money for this shit, murder music!
I shit the bed cause my dick played a prank on my butt
HIT EM! Straight crept when I slept and stuck a laxative up..
SUPPOSITORY MUSIC! WHATCHY’ALL KNOW ABOUT INCONTINENCE?!
I got hepatitis c from horse, but no confusion, JEAH!
It wasn’t from the sex it was a blood transfusion!
WHAT?! MOTHERFUCKER GOT HORSE BLOOD! WHAT Y’ALL GOT?

I write freaky fan fiction where cartoons fuck
got CGI Garfield lickin’ Marmaduke’s nuts
WHOO! I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THAT! THIS IS THAT GARFIELD SEX MUSIC! NOW YA’LL JUST SHOWIN OFF! PREACH!
I got a friend named Reggie who lives down at the dump
every other week I swing by and bring him some lunch
OH!! NOW THAT JUST SOUNDS NICE!
IMA CALL IT RIGHT THERE, GAME OVER MOTHERFUCKERS!
LONELY ISLAND, WE STARTED THIS FAKE RAP SHIT! THE WORLD NEEDS US!

"Mama"

This one goes out 
From the bottom of our hearts
To the most important lady in our lives
It's time to pay some respect
I hope you proud of us
'Cause we're proud of you

Mama!
You raised me right
Mama!
Showed me the light
Mama!
Through pain and strife
Mama! 
You gave us life

When I fell down you were there to pick me up
When I felt bad you were there to build me up
Gave everything you had in the world to me
And you made me the man I'm supposed to be

Jane, even though I don't say it often enough
I appreciate everything you did for us
Never take you for granted 'cause it ain't hard to see
The best parts of you are now a part of me

Ah Mama

And when it was cold outside you kept us warm and held us down...

[Mom] Hi boys, who wants a snack?
[Andy] MOM, GET OUT WE'RE IN THE STUDIO!
[Jorma] OH MY GOD!
[Mom] Just checking on my guys!
[Jorma] GET OUT OF HERE!
[Andy] WE'RE MAKING A TRACK YOU IDIOT!
[Mom] Oooohhh!
[Andy] JUST LEAVE!
[Mom] Okie doke
[Jorma] GO! GO!
[Andy] YOU SUCK, MOM!

Yeah my one true love, my heart, my ma
Show her respect in the form of this song
So when life gets hard and it makes you cry
I'll always be there to wipe a tear from your eye

My mom's my number one fan, my best friend
And I'll never disrespect...

[Door opens]
[Jorma] MOM!
[Mom] I know you said you weren't hungry, but I made ants on a log
[Andy] GET THE FUCK OUT
[Jorma] LEAVE! LEAVE ME! GO!
[Mom] So how's your little club going?
[Andy] IT'S NOT A CLUB!
[Jorma] IT'S A RAP GROUP!
[Mom] Well I'll leave these here and eat them if you...
[Jorma] FINE!
[Andy] GO TO HELL, MOM!

She's an angel on earth with invisible wings
I put no one above in summer, winter or spring, or fall...

[Door opens]
[Mom] Have you guys seen the remote?
[Andy] OH MY GOD!
[Jorma] LEAVE US ALONE! 
[Andy] FUCK YOU MOM!
[Jorma] LEAVE US ALONE!
[window smashes]
[Mom] Watch it
[Andy] I HOPE YOU FUCKING DIE!

Jump in front of a bullet if it could save my mom
You got a ? bullet 'cause she will never see harm...

[Door opens]
[Mom] Nevermind, I found it
[They all scream/shout/glass smashes]
['Dale'] Laura, everything ok?
[Andy] SHUT THE FUCK UP DALE!
[Jorma] SHUT UP!
[Mom] Hey! Be nice to Dale
[Andy] FUCK DALE!
[Jorma] FUCK DALE!
[Andy] I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU HAVE SEX WITH THAT GUY!

This goes out to all the mamas 
Trying to protect their kids from drama
Love was your goal to bring(?)
No matter what they say, you're beautifull

So push them lighters in the sky
Wave 'em back from side to side
And if you feel lost and alone
Let our voices guide you home

[Mom] Is something burning down there?
[Andy] GET THE FUCK OUT NOW!


"I Just Had Sex"
(feat. Akon)

Sometimes (Oooooh)
Something beautiful happens
In this world (Akon)
You don't know how to
Express yourself so (and Lonely Island)
You just gotta sing

I just had sex
And it felt so good (Felt so good)
A woman let me put
My penis inside of her
I just had sex
And I'll never go back (Never go back)
To the not-having-sex
Ways of the past

Have you ever had sex?
I have it felt great
It felt so good
When I did it with my penis
A girl let me do it
It literally just happened
Having sex can make a nice
Man out of the meanest

Never guess where I just came from
I had sex
If I had to describe the feeling
It was the best
When I had the sex
Man my penis felt great
And I called my parents
Right after I was done

Oh hey, didn't see you there
Guess what I just did?
Had sex, undressed
Saw her boobies and the rest
Was sure nice of her to let you
Do that thing
Nice of any girl ever
Now sing

I just had sex
And it felt so good (Felt so good)
A woman let me put
My penis inside of her
I wanna tell the world

To be honest I'm surprised
She even wanted me to do it
Doesn't really make sense
But man, screw it
I ain't one to argue
With a good thing
She could be my wife
That good?
The best 30 seconds of my life (My life)

I'm so humbled by a girls ability
To let me do her
Cuz honestly I'd have sex
With a pile of manure
With that in mind
The soft, nice smelling girls better
Cuz she let me wear
My chain and turtle neck sweater

So this one's dedicated to them girls
That let us flop around on top of them
If you're near or far
Whether short or tall
We wanna thank you all
For letting us fuck you

She kept looking at her watch
(Doesn't matter, had sex)
But I cried the whole time
(Doesn't matter, had sex)
I think she might've been a racist
(Doesn't matter, had sex)
She put a bag on my head
(Still counts)

I just had sex (Sex)
And all my dreams came true (Dreams came true)
So if you had sex in the last
30 minutes then you're qualified
To sing with me

I just had sex (Everybody sing)
And it felt so good (We all had sex)
A woman let me put
My penis inside of her (I wanna tell the world)
I just had sex
And I'll never go back (No no no)
To the not-having-sex
Ways of the past

"Jack Sparrow"
(feat. Michael Bolton)

[Secretary:] Guys, Michael Bolton is here

[The Lonely Island:] Oh Great, send him in.

[Michael Bolton:] Hey guys.

[The Lonely Island:] Hey, hi, thanks for coming

[Michael Bolton:]
Sorry I'm late, I got caught up watching a Pirates of the Caribbean marathon. Have you seen those things?

[The Lonely Island:] Oh yeah, yeah, those are, those are great.

[Michael Bolton:]
Well, I checked out the track and I loved it. And I wrote you this big sexy hook I think you're gonna really dig.

[The Lonely Island:]
Oh wow that's great, awesome. Should we just lay it down?

[Michael Bolton:] Boys, let's get to it.

(Here we go.)

Ungh, Lonely Island, Michael Bolton
{Yeaaahh!}
(The night starts now)
Together on the track, the boys are back
(The night starts now)
Night starts now baby roll with us, chicks are snapping at the neck when we rollin' up.
{Rollin' up}
Blow through the doors ain't no holdin' up
{Yeah}
Black card at the bar like I gives a fuck.
{Come on}
Ladies shifty eyed when we walk into the set, fuck the fellas looking jealous play the back and get wet
{Yeah yeah}
Three pound in my waist, shank in my sock, you either get cut, get stuffed or get shot.

{This is the tale of captain Jack Sparrow, pirate so brave on the seven seas}
What?
{A mystical quest to the Isle of Tortuga, raven locks sway on the ocean's breeze}

Yeah that was kinda weird, but we're back in the club
Buying up the bar so the groupies show us love
{Kiera Knightley}
Motherfucking ice-man, I'm the top gunner
Heater on blast, I'm the number one stunner
{Jack Sparrow}
Watch it girl cause I ain't your "Mr. Nice Guy",
More like the "meet ya take you home and fuck you twice guy"
{Yeah Yeah!}
All dressed up with nowhere to run,
And now I make you feel crazy with the-

{Now back to the good part
From the day he was born, he yearned for adventure}
(No!)
{Old captain Jack giving them what for.
He's the pauper of the surf}
(Uh huh)
{The Jester of Tortuga}
(Oh God)
{But in Davy Jones' locker what lies in store?}
(Yeah, we've seen the movie)

Put your hands in the air and say hell yeah, come on
{Captain Jack}
What?
{Johnny Depp}
No
From the front to the back say we count stacks come on
{Davy Jones}
Nope
{Giant Squid}
Wrong
Michael Bolton we're really gonna need you to focus up

{Roger that let me try it with another film}
Wait-

{Life is a box of chocolates and my name is Forrest Gump}
(Not better)
{Though I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed, I give jenny all my love}
(Come on!)
{Ok then I'm a legal aid, Erin Brockovich is my name}
(Nooo, God)
{Then you can call me scarface, snortin' mountains of cocaine}
(Close enough)
{You cockroaches wanna play rough? Okay, I'm reloaded}

{This is the tale of Tony Montana}
(This is the tale)
{Cubano flame, with the Miami nuts}
(Take it home!)
{Got a basehead wife, but her womb is polluted this whole town's a pussy, just waiting to get fucked! (Just waiting to get fucked!)}

Ooookay, turns out Michael Bolton is a major cinephile
{You complete me!}
(Yup, yeah, ok...?)

"Attracted To Us"
(feat. Beck)

[ANDY, JORMA, AND AKIVA]
White girls (You are attracted to us!)
Black girls (You are attracted to us!)
Asian girls (You are attracted to us!)
Latinas (You are attracted to us! Attracted to us!)

But you’re never gonna get
Never, never gonna get it
No, you’re never gonna get it
Because we’re shy
We’re shy, we’re shy
We’re oh so shy
You’re never gonna get it
‘Cause we’re sweet and shy (Hey!)

[BECK]
All you pretty girls
We know you want our bodies
Where are the introspective types? (Dah dah dah dah!)

[ANDY, JORMA, AND AKIVA]
[mumbling in French]
But you’re never gonna get
Never, never gonna get it
No, you’re never gonna get it
Because we’re shy
We’re shy, we’re shy
We’re nice and shy
You’re never gonna get it
We’re blind and shy (Hey!)

Nerdy girls (You are attracted to us!)
Omigod girls (You are attracted to us!)
My hippy, dippy girls (You are attracted to us!)
J-j-j-jock girls (You are attracted to us!)
Space girls (You are attracted to us!)
In your face girls (You are attracted to us!)
(You are attracted to us!)
(You are attracted to us!)

[BECK]
‘Cause we are shy

"Rocky"

Here's a little story that I think you'll like
It's not about Shaq or Iron Mike
So buckle your seatbelts, it's gonna get choppy
And listen to the tale of the time I fought Rocky

One day me and all my friends were hangin'
Talkin' 'bout which of the girls was most bangin'
Then one friend says, "You know who's really tough?
"Rocky," (hit me home) "the boxer." Man,

I said, "Yeah I know him. What about him?" He said, 
"He's really tough." "No way, man. I'm calling your bluff
"I think that I can take him and, to prove my point,
"I'll challenge him in public." (Yeah, that's the joint!)

So the very next day, stayed true to my word
And I snuck on T.V. so I could be heard
I said, 'Rocky, if you're out there, I think you're a nerd.
"And I'll lick you and bury you like a dog turd!"

I got kicked out, but the candle was lit
'Cause the people had to know if my claim was legit
It made the headlines and I got the call
It was Rocky ("Hey") and he wanted to brawl

We negotiated terms and set the date
Then I went into training to add some muscle weight
While I punched on meat in a rickety shack
He was sippin' on wine, having models rub his back

At the weigh-in, boy the tension was high
Me and Rock, toe-to-toe and eye-to-eye
I talked some trash, we got pulled apart
I shot him one last look to strike fear in his heart

Skip ahead, the big night was finally here
My body was ripped and my mind was clear
We entered the arena to the roar of the crowd
People chantin' my name - I never felt so proud

Faced off once more in the center of the ring
Touched gloves, said a prayer and the bell went *ding*
He hit me with a left and shattered my face
And a right sent my teeth all over the place

Then another great punch caved-in my eye socket
He broke my jaw and my trainer yelled, "Stop it!"
But nobody heard him and he crushed my ribs
Blood sprayed off my face and onto some kids

They yelled out, "More!" and Rocky obliged
I had to think of some way to turn the tides
So I leaned back to hit him with all of my might
Took a swing, but he caught me with a sucker punch right

Then a sucker punch left and a sucker punch right
Then twenty-two consecutive sucker punch rights
He tore off my arms and beat me with 'em
Then threw acid in my face which obscured my vision

He kicked me in the leg and fractured my shin
The bone splinters shot right out of my skin
People barfed in the crowd; they were going insane
And Rocky punched my nose-bone into my brain

I was quivering and twitching when I soiled my shorts
Then Rocky pissed on me (customary in sports)
The doctor came out and pronounced me dead
And that was the night I fought Rocky

"My Mic – Interlude"

Okay, 

My mic sounds nice check one 
My mic sounds nice check two 
My mic sounds nice check three 
My mic sounds nice check four 

My mic sounds nice check five 
My mic sounds nice check six 
Our mics sound nice check sevennnnnnn

"Shy Ronnie 2: Ronnie & Clyde"
(feat. Rihanna)

[Rihanna:]
We at it again, everybody now
Hands in the air, it's a stick up, stick up
No funny business or you get lit up, lit up
You test I (I), you gon' die (die)
And at your funeral ya mama gon' cry

So customers kiss the floor, floor
And clerks open cash drawers slow, slow
If you don't wanna end up dead
You'll do everything Shy Ronnie says
Tell 'em, Ronnie!

[Ronnie:]
Hey it's Shy Ronnie
And you down on the floor
I'm getting changed in my bag in the back of the store
But I'm gonna go and be the best
I knew it and suck my dick in the butt in the forest
But it doesn't matter
Because we coming for your money ha-ha!

[Rihanna:]
No one in the bank can hear you
Shy Ronnie, use your outside voice
We don't have time for this
Let's go

So stay on the ground it's a stick up, stick up
Your wallets and jewels we'll pick up, pick up
Unload the cash (cash), move your ass (ass)
We gettin' money, tell 'em Shy Ronnie

[Ronnie:]
Now I'm on the scene
Shy Ronnie with the heat
But uh oh I'm gonna get touched
But now I'm gonna tell you why it don't stop
And it's gonna be a long night
Sucking on your gets boner ha-ha

[Rihanna:]
Please, please use your words
Just imagine that everyone's naked
Uh, oh!
Boner alert. He really pictured them naked
The police are on their way

[Police:]
Come out with your hands up

[Rihanna:]
Good luck, Shy Ronnie
Bye, bye!

[Ronnie:]
Ha-ha!

Ronnie motherfucker and I'm back from the dead
Brain-bored with the murder, so I shot my own leg
Don't get the name twisted, 'cause I'm crazy as shit
I hung a giant ass noose off my giant ass dick

[Rihanna:]
I forgot this money
And also this guy
Come on, we're gonna have sex
Too-da-loo!

[Ronnie:]
And you can hang from it
'Cause you don't wanna see my real gun
Shots to the sky but your face sound real fun!
Ronnie!

"Trouble On Dookie Island"

Yea let's do this
Take a good look at me, you need a bad guy like me
All I have in this world is my balls and my work, and I don't break em for no one

Yo hopped out the whip, popped the heater out the glove-y
Ski-masked it up, bout to jack these fools, love me
Blasted through the door, blazing hell with the shells flyin, 
Spiderwebbed the flat screen in one shot, babies crying

Got these bitches nose bloody, face down in the shag
This bitch is flippin - Shut the fuck up and fill the bag
All of a sudden - BOOM, shots from the back room
It was a set up, dude yellin "Gettin' fed up!"

Yo we bust out the back, dookie flyin outta my pants
You got the keys, yea boy now make that engine dance
This shit is stallin, fuck man they strapped up
Lets make a brake for it to the crib or the backup

We hit the pavement, dookie bustin all out of my jeans
You hop the fence, so we can get away clean
We hit the dirt, this rottweiler snarlin and smilin
He ripped my pantleg off, a bunch of dookies went flyin

I had to blast, dog brains all in the grass
Mixed with the dookie, yeah man nighty night! Time to smash
Yo we cut through the park, dookies poppin outta my shirt
A hail of bullets from behind, like lead fireworks

Dookie fillin up my sneaks bought to bust, No doubt
Pulled off a Isotoner glove, shook the dookies out
Yo it's a chase, they want us to be chased
Yo duck over here, I gotta ditch some dead dookie weight

Whipped off my stunning? so I could dump the dookie
Cop blazin out the eucalyptus tryin to shoot me
I blew out his back, that's all she wrote man
Yeah, now his chest slapped two dookies for the boatman

They comin man, quick throw these dookies in the trash
Hold up more dookie, they comin out fast
Yo I can't move my leg, cause I'm stuck on dookie mountain
Fifty guns open fire, blood spray like a fountain

Now our bodies all shredded, shots blaze right through me
We're done-er than done, done in by the dookie
Trouble on Dookie Island

"Falcor Vs. Atreyu - Classy Skit #1"

Atreyu!
Falcor!
Atreyu!
Falcor!
Atreyu!
Falcor?
Ooh Atreyu
Falcor
Ughh Atreyu! Atreyu!
Ohh ohh oooh atryuu (oww)
Atreyuu (aghh)
Uhh atreyu (ugh)
Uhh atreyu (ee)
Atreyu (eep)
Atreyu

"Motherlover"
(feat. Justin Timberlake)

[Andy Samberg:] Oh dang.
[Justin Timberlake:] What is it dawg?
[Andy Samberg:] I forgot it's Mother's Day.
[Justin Timberlake:] Didn't get a gift for her.
[Andy Samberg:] Other plans got in the way. She'll be so disappointed.
[Justin Timberlake:] Damn I forgot it too.
[Andy Samberg:] This could have been avoided.
[Both:] What the hell are we gonna do?
[Justin Timberlake:] My mom's been so alone ever since my daddy left.
[Andy Samberg:] Cold.
[Justin Timberlake:] No one to hold her tight. Life has put her to the test.
[Andy Samberg:] I know just what you mean, my mom's been so sad and gray.
[Justin Timberlake:] Word
[Andy Samberg:] My dad can't satisfy her in the bedroom ever since he passed away.
[Both:] Hold up!
[Andy Samberg:] You thinking what I'm thinking?
[Justin Timberlake:] I'm thinking I'm thinking too.
[Both:] Slow up!
[Andy Samberg:] What time is it dawg?
[Justin Timberlake:] It's time for a switcharoo
[Both:] We both love our moms, women with grown-women needs
I say we break 'em off
Show 'em how much they really mean,
'Cause...

I'm a Mother Lover
You're a Mother Lover
We should fuck each other's mothers
[Both:] Fuck each other's moms
I'll push in that lady where you came out as a baby
Ain't no doubt this shit is crazy
[Both:] Fuckin' each other's moms

'Cause every Mother's Day needs a Mother's Night
If doing it is wrong, I don't wanna be right
I'm callin' on you 'cause I can't do it myself
To me you're like a brother, so be my mother lover

[Andy Samberg:] I'm laying in the cut waitin' for your mom clutchin' on this lube and roses
[Justin Timberlake:] I got my digital camera, I'm gonna make your momma do a million poses
[Andy Samberg:] They will be so surprised
[Justin Timberlake:] We are so cool and thoughtful
[Andy Samberg:] Can't wait to pork your mom
[Justin Timberlake:] I'mma be the syrup, she can be my waffle
[Both:] Show love!
[Justin Timberlake:] My mama loves bubble bath with chamomile
[Both:] Straight up!
[Andy Samberg:] Give it to my mom d-d-d-d-d-d-doggy-style
[Justin Timberlake:] This the perfect plan
[Andy Samberg:] For a perfect Mother's Day
[Justin Timberlake:] They'll have to rename this one
[Both:] All up under the covers day

Cause I'm a Mother Lover
You're a Mother Lover
We should fuck each other's mothers
[Justin Timberlake:] Fuck each other's moms
I'll push in that lady
Where you came out as a baby
Ain't no doubt this shit is crazy
[Justin Timberlake:] Fuckin' each other's moms

[Andy Samberg:] Break it down

[Andy Samberg:] It would be my honor to be your new step-father
[Justin Timberlake:] It would be my honor to be your new step-father
[Andy Samberg:] While you're in my mother make me another brother.
And while I'm in your mother I'll never use a rubber
[Justin Timberlake:] OH!

'Cause every Mother's Day needs a Mother's Night
If doing it is wrong, I don't wanna be right
I'm calling on you cause I can't do it myself
To me you're like a brother, so be my mother lover

They blessed us both with the gift of life
She brought you in this world so I'mma sex her right
This is the second best idea that we've ever had
The choice can be no other
Be my mother lover

[Andy Samberg:] Happy Mother's Day.

"The Creep"
(feat. Nicki Minaj, John Waters)

[John Waters]
Hi, I'm John Waters, and this is...
The Creep.

[Lonely Island]
When you're out in the club and you see a fly girl
Do the Creep (hah)
Do the Creep (hah)
And if you wanna make friends at the ATM
Do the Creep (hoo)
Do the Creep (hah)

[Andy Samberg]
Well, we got a new dance so get up on your feet
It's real easy to do, and it's called 'The Creep'
Let your hands flap around like a Marionette
Pop your knees up and down, sh-sh-shaking your neck

[Akiva Schaffer]
Now pull your waistband up like you expectin' a flood
And slick your hair down flat like it was covered in mud
Trim up your pencil mustache and pop them peepers
Put this in your speakers; you a certified creeper.

[Lonely Island]
When you see a country peach, laying out at the beach
Do the Creep (hah)
Do the Creep (hah)
And when a fine PYT walks in front of your tree
Do the Creep (hoo)
Do the Creep (hah)

[Andy Samberg]
I was six years old when I started creepin'
My parents took it to their room and I started peepin'
You can't imagine their surprise when they lifted their heads
And saw my little ass creepin' at the foot of the bed

[Akiva Schaffer]
Yeah they knew I was a creep, since the day I was born
Poppin' out my momma like some kettle corn
Yeah the doctor caught my head and he started freakin'
'Cause I came out clean - and I came out creepin'!

[Lonely Island]
Nicki,
Nicki,
Nicki, Nicki, Nicki
Nicki!

[Nicki Minaj]
When I was a girl, I creeped in the boys' locker room
Hide deep inside - it was my little creep stalker room
As they disrobed, I was oogling and oggling
Little did they know, that for me, they were modeling
And I would laugh, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, ha.
And they would dance, la-la-la-la-la-la-la, la.
So pop-pop-pop your peepers,
and tweak out your sneakers
Don't sleep, come on get your Creep on with me!

[Lonely Island]
Go on, get to sweatin' off a bride at her wedding
Do the Creep (hah)
And do the Creep (hah)

[Nicki Minaj]
And when you sneak into a wake, and you see a beefcake
Do the Creep (hoo)
And do the Creep (hah)

[Lonely Island]
And when the judge is a hottie and you can't control your body
Do the Creep (hah)
Do the Creep (hah)

[Nicki Minaj]
So, get your knees flexin', and your arms T-rexin',

[All]
And Creep (hoo)
Do the Creep! (hah)

[John Waters]
And don't forget to smile!


Play "Watch Me Do Me - Cl…"
on Amazon Music
"Watch Me Do Me - Classy Skit #2"

Lonely Island! We takin over!
Yeah!
Watch me do me! Watch me do me!
WATCH ME DO ME! WATCH ME DO ME!
[Music stops]
Watch me do me! Don't look away! [men grunts in disgust]
Watch me do me, okay! Um-mah, watch me (Ew...)
Watch me do me! Okay, um!
I'm almost finished, keep watching!
(No one wants to see that!)
EHAAAUGHAHHHIEEEUAAAHH! (OH OH God! EWW!)
I'm finished doing me
"Threw It On The Ground"

I was walkin' through the city streets
And a man walks up to me and hands me the latest energy drink
"Run faster, jump higher"
Man, I'm not gonna let you poison me

I threw it on the ground
You must think I'm a joke
I ain't gonna be part of your system
Man! Pump that garbage in another man's veins

I go to my favorite hot dog stand
And the dude says, "You come here all the time! Here's one for free"
I said, "Man! What do I look like? A charity case?"

I took it and threw it on the ground!
I don't need your handouts!
I'm an adult!
Please!
You can't buy me hot dog, man!

At the farmer's market with my so called girlfriend
She hands me her cell phone, says it's my dad
Man, this ain't my dad!
This is a cell phone!

I threw it on the ground!
What, you think I'm stupid?
I'm not a part of your system
My dad's not a phone!
DUH!

Some poser hands me cake at a birthday party
Whatcha want me to do with this? Eat it?

Happy birthday to the ground!
I threw the rest of the cake, too!
Welcome to the real world, jackass!

So many things to throw on the ground
Like this, and this, and that, and even this
I'm an ADULT!

Two Hollywood phonies try to give me their autograph
GROUND!
Nobody wants your autograph, phonies!

Then the two phonies got up
Turned out they had a taser
And they tased me in the butthole

Fell to the ground
The phonies didn't let up
Tasin' on my butthole over and over

I was screamin' and squirmin'
My butthole was on fire
The moral of the story is

You can't trust the system

Man!

"Japan"

Whoa!
I can't believe we're in Japan!
Look at all the lights!
The food!
The people!
Wow!

We're three cool white friends in Japan (Japan!)
We've never been to Japan 
So we wrote a song about the three of us in Japan
And our label has to pay for it

Here we are at our five star hotel
The one from LOST IN TRANSLATION (In Japan!)
The views are amazing
And their champagne waiting
Because that's how we wrote it (Yummy!)

And now the label has to pay for the video (yay!)
And pay for everything that we say (no matter what!)
For example I'll be getting a massage right now
And I'll be drinking some sake (So expensive!) (Who cares?)

Here we are at the most expensive sushi restaurant in Japan (mmm!)
And now we're at Tokyo Disneyland
And now we're in Hawaii for one random shot that our label has to pay for!

Cause we're three cool white friends in Japan (In Asia!)
The fact that we're white isn't why we're friends
But we are white, and we're friends (In Japan)

At this point in the video we'll be super drunk (WEEEE!)
Standing near some kind of Dragon
And then we'll buy some stinky used girls panties
Out of one of those pervert vending machines
Now we've seen sumo wrestling live
Unless we get dropped by our label

Cause we're three white douchebags in Japan (That's us!)
It's all part of our master plan
To get some much needed R&R
At the expense of Universal Records

Wow Look at all this Japanese money
It's called Yen
I heard it's worth more than American money
Let's dump it in the river!
[phone rings]
Moshi Moshi
Guys it's the label
This video's really expensive and-
BYE!!

Pokemon!
Dump it in the River!
Our rental car!
Dump it in the River!
This old guy!
Dump him in the river!
And now we're flying home first class!

"After Party"
(feat. Santigold)

[ANDY SAMBERG]
After the club is the after party
After the party is the hotel lobby
After that, you know it’s diamond Cris
And after that, I say, “Excuse me, miss”

And after that, we goin’ back to the room
And after that, she’s gonna leave real soon
And after that, I crack one more beer
And after that, I just stare in the mirror

And after that, I start freakin’ out
What the hell am I doing with my life?
Call up my mom and get my cry on
I order room service, get my apple pie on

And after that, I just walk the streets
A homeless dude throws up on my feet
And I see just how pointless life is
Full on existential crisis
Tear off my clothes and scream at the sky
Fall to my knees and ask God, “why?”

[SANTIGOLD]
This nightlife is killing me
I think I’m losing my mind
I yearn to fly, yet I sink
Stalling tears is my dream

[ANDY SAMBERG]
After that, I drive into the hills
And trade my car for a bottle of pills
And after that, I’m on a vision quest
Put my mind, body, and spirit to the test

And after that, I meet my totem spirit
It’s a rattlesnake, so I have to kill it
Then I drink all his blood and steal his powers
Slither around in the dirt for hours

And after that I start jerking off
Up on a mountain, jerking off
Down by the river, jerking off
And that’s when I have my epiphany
You can’t spend your whole life jerking off
And after that, I’m going back to the city

[SANTIGOLD]
This nightlife is killing me
No more jerking off
Fate only knows what’s in store
Stalling tears for me, no more

[ANDY SAMBERG]
And after that, I clean up my life
Join AA to make it right
And after that, I get my thirty day chip
And after that, I go celibate!

And after that, I’m a whole new man
Brew complimentary in my hybrid van
I give my life to meditation
Then sleep with a whore at a Greyhound station

And after that, I have a full relapse
Then lose my hand in a game of craps
And after that, everyone calls me Claw
And after that, I work for Tim McGraw (Hey!)

And after that, I pass out in a sewer
Meet a giant fish, fuck his brains out
And after, that I’m filled with shame
No one but myself to blame
Nothing in my heart but pain
And next week we’re gonna do it again!

[SANTIGOLD]
This nightlife carves hooks in me
I’m back to jerking off
I tried but could not break free
Stalling tears return to me

Started in the club
Then he moved to the Hills
Really freaked out and drank snake blood
Got himself clean
Now back in the club
And that’s where I’ve been in this song

But it’s stalling tears
This playboy life’s too much for me

[ANDY SAMBERG]
After the club is the after party
After the party is the hotel lobby
Stuck in a cycle I just can’t win
And after that, it all happens again


"No Homo"

Dude you're pretty swoll have you been working out?
Uh yeah, why are you looking?
Oh no, not like that man, I mean, no homo.
Ohhh no homo. Cool
When you want to compliment a friend (no homo)
But you don't want that friendship to end (no homo)
So tell a dude just how you feel (no homo)
Say 'no homo' so he knows the deal (no homo)
Hey yo man you got a fresh style (no homo)
And you know you got the best smile (no homo)
Your girlfriend is a lucky lady (no homo)
But your looks would make a handsome baby (no homo)
I like the way your shoulders fill out that shirt (no homo)
It's hard to pull off but you make it work (no homo)
Hey yo I kinda like your natural scent (no homo)
Hey yo I kinda like the musical Rent (no homo)
Man I cant decide who wore it best (no homo)
But I'm feeling Diane Keaton's vest (no homo)
I admit it I'm a fashionista (no homo)
and I know every line of Mystic Pizza (no homo)
and yo damn this rose is something special (no homo)
damn we should goof around and wrestle (no homo)
lets hit the hot tub and take a dump (no homo)
we're all friends ain't no room for trunks (no homo)
Yeah man I'm really feeling buzzed right now (no homo)
Are you really feeling buzzed right now? (no homo)
Yo we should watch this gay porno tape (no homo)
but as a joke because we're all straight (no homo)
man you could wash laundry on those abs (no homo)
Yo I think girls look good in drag (no homo)
Hey yo I've been thinking about posing nude (no homo)
Hey yo I've been thinking about fuckin a dude (no homo)
Or we could 3-way 69 (no homo)
Or human centipede in a line (no homo)
Or some docking could be hella fun (no homo)
Or yeah man I could do this one (no homo)
Hey yo no homo but I wanna dress up like Dorothy
and butt fuck a dude while he 69s Morrissey
Yeah no homo but I wish I lived in Ancient Greece
to gave young socrates the illful release
Hey no homo but today I'm coming out the closet
and I scream it from the mountains like a gay prophet
those two words have set me free (no homo)
damn it feels good to be (no homo)

"No Homo Outro"

No, oh
No homo!
No, oh
No homo!

When you put your faith in one guy
Sometimes he’ll make you happy
Sometimes he’ll make you cry

No, oh
No homo (No homo, no homo)
No, oh
Definitely not me
No, no, no!
No homo, no

I'M So Humble
Watch out, watch out
It's Conner!

[Chorus 1: Adam Levine & Andy Samberg]
I've got it all and I'm gettin' more
But I never fall, beat 'em all
Cause you know I'm so humble
I'm so humble, I'm so humble
I'm a superstar, I kick down the door
Got the money and the girls
And I'm also so humble
I'm so humble
I'm so humble, I'm so humble

[Verse 1: Andy Samberg]
Bar none, I am the most humble-est
Number one at the top of the humble list
My apple crumble is by far the most crumble-est
But I act like it tastes bad outta humbleness
The thing about me that's so impressive
Is how infrequently I mention all of my successes
I poo-poo it when girls say that I should model
My belly's full from all the pride I swallow
I'm the most courteous-biddable, hospitable
Reverential, normal-ary Arnold Schwarzen-orgarary
I hate compliments, put 'em in the mortuary
I'm so ordinary that it's truly quite extraordinary

[Break: Adam Levine]
It's not a competition, but I'm winnin'
You won’t hear me admit it
Because I'm so timid and submissive
I treat fat people like they were thin
Talk simple for the dumbos
I'm so humble

[Verse 2: Andy Samberg]
I'm not your normal definition of a rock star
I don't complain when my private jet is subpar
Ya mom's old, but I'll ask if she's your sister
People say I'm charming, bu-but I beg to differ
I feel more humble than Dikembe Mutombo
After a stumble left him covered in a big pot o' gumbo
I guess in a way, bein' gracious is my weakness
People say I'm so unpretentious for a genius

[Chorus 2: Adam Levine & Andy Samberg]
I've got it all and I'm gettin' more
But I never fall, beat 'em all
Cause you know I'm so humble
I say that with no ego
I'm so humble
It's just good manners
They say I'm a ten, but I'm an eight at best
"Plus two," says you
Not me, cause I'm so humble
Mama raised me right
I'm so humble, I'm so humble
[Intro: The Lonely Island]
Discrimination
It ain't right

[Verse 1: The Lonely Island]
I'm not gay, but if I was, I would want equal rights
I'm not gay, but if I were, I would marry who I like
It's not fair - I'm not gay - that the government has a say
In who can love who (not gay)
Or to which god you can pray (I'm n'gay)

It gets me so angry, on behalf of them, I feel passionate (not gay)
So I'll pray for them and I say for them, "We need to make a change" (not gay)
I see it clear as day
This area is not grey, titties
We need equality and for all to see that this is the new way (not gay)
It just seems (not gay) wrong (not gay)
That no one seems to care (sports)
We can't continue to pretend
This (not gay) madness has to end (not gay)

[Chorus: Pink & The Lonely Island]
I was born this way (Straight)
You were born your way (Gay)
Gay or straight, straight or gay, it's all okay (Sure)
It's time to make a change (Yes)
It's time to stop the hate (Uh)
Cause who you are is beautiful (Not gay)

[Verse 2: The Lonely Island]
We can't live this way (n'gay)
We can't turn away (n'gay)
So I make this vow (titties)
The time for change is now (sports)

Lying in bed next to ten beautiful girls (all straight)
And while I made love to every one of them
I was thinking about the world (hot wings)

How is it that I can have so much straight sex while two dudes are oppressed (not gay)
For having sex (not gay)
Or putting on a wedding dress (I assume)
I don't really know that much about it (beef jerky tastes good)
Politics are important
And if girls wanna have sex with me cause I said this, so be it (n. gay)
I'm not a hero, I'm just speaking the truth
I'm not a hero. Don't call me a hero
(Beer, hoagie, sweat pants, not gay)
Yeah, Not a hero (titties, not gay)

[Chorus: Pink & The Lonely Island]
I'm not a hero
(I'm just a person)
So don't call me a hero
(Not some kind of world leader)
I just want equal rights (Yeah)
And to sleep at night (Yeah)
Next to a girl

[Verse 3: The Lonely Island]
True love trumps all (Predator)
(Flying kicks, not gay, big watch)
(Not gay, missionary) One Love
(Gym socks, nunchuck and not gay)
(Lighter fluid, HD, Ninja) World peace
(4-wheel drive) Gay marriage (love beav)
Free love (golf clubs)
Two guys (not gay)
Rainbow (muff dive)
Harvey Milk/Sean Penn (not gay)
(Drum solo, courtside seats) Same sex
(One-armed push ups) Lynyrd Skynyrd

I'm not gay, I'm not gay
I'm not, not, not, not, n-n-n-not gay
I'm not gay

[Chorus: Pink & The Lonely Island]
I was born this way (I'm straight)
You were born your way (You're gay)
Gay or straight, straight or gay, it's all okay
(And now it's time for sexual freedom for all)
It's time to make a change (Sexual freedom for all)
It's time to stop the hate (Sexual freedom for all)
Cause who you are is beautiful (Sexual freedom for all)
(Not gay)

[Intro: Emma Stone]
Un poco picante
Un poco picante
Un poco picante
Just a little bit spicy
Un poco picante
Un poco picante
Un poco picante
The boy a little bit spicy
El burro es grande
El burro es grande
El burro es grande
That's a really big donkey

[Chorus: Emma Stone]
Turn up the beef
Throw your body on the flame
Let your meat release
Juices dripping down like rain
Turn up the beef, turn up the beef

[Catchphrase Verse: Andy Samberg]
It's Conner, bitch
Say word, D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-Dilbert
Doink-de-doink, sorry dad
Dinky nuts, squirrel jam, HATS!
Balancing my checkbook
Zerbert in the sherbet, squark
One hundred gift baskets
You're now rocking with the Tesla boys
Sleepy Benjamin Franklin, watch me veg
DJ Tanner, swanky pumps, m-m-m-m-moped music
Costco samples like a motherfucker
Uh, crank up the mids, Patrick Stewart money
You know who it is, Conner4Real

[Chorus: Emma Stone]
Turn up the beef
Throw your body on the flame
Let your meat release
Juices dripping down like rain

[Outro: Emma Stone]
Un poco picante
Un poco picante
Un poco picante
Just a little bit spicy
Turn up the beef
Sube la carne
Sube la carne
Sube la carne
Turn up the beef

[Verse 1]
Finest girl I ever met in my whole life
Want to take her home, make her my wife
Knew she was a freak when she started talking
She said, "Fuck me like we fucked Bin Laden" (ooh woah)
That girl was a freak
She said she wanted me to fuck her harder than the military

[Hook]
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
She wanted to fuck me harder than the US government
Fucked Bin Laden

[Verse 2]
Uh, she was a freaky kind of girl
Kept up with current events from all around the world
More specifically, one event
The time Osama Bin Laden got shot in the head
She said, "Do me like that"
But I couldn't track the metaphor
That said, I can see you horny like a stegosaur
That said, again, your request is so irregular
She put on a beard, I started looking out the exit door
Then a turban, then a tunic
She said, "Invade my cave with your special unit"
I said, "He wasn't in a cave," but there was no stopping
She demanded that I fuck her like we

[Hook]
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
She wanted to fuck me harder than the US government
Fucked Bin Laden

[Verse 3]
This girl requested intercourse to bring her to climax
With the clinical efficiency of the assassination of Bin Laden
You're harboring a fugitive (that ass!)
And my justice will be punitive (I'ma smash!)
Night-vision, they can see us through my GoPro
She tried to negotiate, I said that's a no-no
Now I'm creeping in her bedroom, like go-go
She tells me to go low then looks down and tells me that I gotta...
"Terrorize that pussy, gotta terrorize that pussy"
So I did it, improvised some crazy shit
Seal Team 69 sexecuting the hit
She said, "You've finished me off, now throw my body in the ocean"
I yelled, "Geronimo," then took some pictures for posting
The President called, he said, "Congratulations Conner"
I said, "Mr. President, to what do I owe this honor?"
He said, "Come give me the deets in the White House Garden
I gots to know how you fucked her like we..."

[Hook]
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
Fucked Bin Laden
I still can't say that I see the appeal
But she wanted me to fuck her like we fucked Bin Laden
Oh, this girl insisted that
The way we did it was merciless and exact
Just like the now world famous attack
That fucked Osama Bin Laden

[Outro]
Dang, the whole thing was just a virtual reality experience!

[Intro]
What's up y'all? This is Conner4Real
You know I've been all around the world, right?
But tonight I'm on my dumb shit

[Verse 1]
I'm landed in Paris at a quarter to noon
So excited to see her, I went straight to the Louvre
I heard she's exquisite, so I bought my ticket
Pushed my way to the front of the crowd
And I couldn't believe what I saw

[Chorus 1]
Mona Lisa, you're an overrated piece of shit
With your terrible style and your dead shark eyes
And a smirk like you're hiding a dick
What the fuck is this garbage?
Mona Lisa, the original basic bitch
Traveled thousands of miles to see your beautiful smile
Talk about a bait and switch, you ugly

[Verse 2]
I'm landed in Cairo to see the pyramids
But what did I find there? A dirty pile of bricks
There was trash all over and a very foul odor
The smell was that of a camel's ass
But even that wasn't as bad as

[Chorus 2]
Mona Lisa, you're worse than the pyramids
Can someone explain why the whole wide world
Is obsessed with a Garbage Pail Kid
Looks like a Garbage Pail Kid
And DaVinci must have sucked an art historian's dick
To get this girl who looked like uncooked bread
At the top of the all-time list of paintings

[Bridge]
Mona Lisa, I got to know
Where the fuck are your eyebrows, I really wanna know
You could land a helicopter on that big potato forehead
Get this chick some Rogaine
You a bloated corpse, girl

[Chorus 3]
I'm an American man, this is my native land
Where no one lies about paintings
But that's not the case in France
Where the naked ladies dance and they look like Dennis Franz
You're so mangy, Mona
Hair part wider than a country road
Unless you count cats, she died alone-a
The Mona Lisa sucks, la da da da da

   
[Intro]
Yeah
It's Hunter

[Verse 1]
Stomping through the forest like a retarded Tyrannosaurus
Hunter eating beefcakes in the back a Ford Taurus
Fuck a chorus, fuck my moms, fuck your dad, fuck this song
Seriously though, fuck this song, I can't stand it man, fuck this song, yo
Campbell's soup, Campbell's soup
And I ride with ya girl, Lake Havasu
And I hula hoop, it's nothing else, butt naked, that's nothing else
I'm young and half dead already
You're old time for Betty bye bye
Say "Hi guy" in a drive-by cause I'm polite
Whole crew full of losers that are all richer than you, sir
And you suck and you suck
How did it get now, you sucked
Oh shit, the king is retarded

[Hook]
One round, head down, eyes up, nose down
Hunter the Hungry is gonna eat (I'm fuckin' hungry)
One round, head down, eyes up, nose down
Hunter the Hungry is gonna eat (Fuck it)

[Verse 2]
Hey yo, I fucked your girl with her baby inside
And then baby had a baby with rabies and didn't survive
Think that's disgusting? Peep this booger I picked
And if you think that's sick, check this wart on my dick
Hey yo, I'm kidding, girl (Or am I?)
Of course I am (That's a lie)
I got a lot of dichotomy and I think I need a lobotomy
Snort more keys than a boss
Steal more ball than a game that's [?]
Blah blah, rap rap rap rap rap
You get it, you get it, everybody gets it
I rap good (Who cares?)
Shaved my balls (Kept the hair)
Knit that shit into a sweater (Motherfucker's itchy as shit)
Fuck around and kill you, my safe deposit got a mil, dude
Yo girl's with me and she's nude which I ignore cause I'm rude

[Hook]
One round, head down, eyes up, nose down
Hunter the Hungry is gonna eat (I'm fuckin' hungry)
One round, head down, eyes up, nose down
Hunter the Hungry is gonna eat

[Intro: Andy Samberg]
Decisions
This was the hardest day of my life
Should I stay or should I go?
Help me, Lord, to decide

[Verse 1: Andy Samberg]
Three blocks from home when she caught my eye
I shouldn't even be looking but she just had to be mine
Ten bedrooms, ten baths, 7,000 square feet
I was weak in the knees, she was the house of my dreams
I had just moved in to the place down the block
And now I'm thinking 'bout moving? Imagine my shock
I talked to my real estate guy, Peter
He was like, "Your house is beautiful, yo, how could you leave her?
6,000 square feet, a dolphin-themed pool
If I'm being honest, Connor, yo, I think you're a fool
But it's cool, you can definitely afford both places"
Tell me what to do, God, my heart's torn in pieces

[Pre-Chorus 1: Andy Samberg]
So many options and all in my price range
This decision is torture, my head's playing mind games

[Chorus 1: Akon & (Andy Samberg)]
Should I move? (Should I move y'all?)
Tell me should I buy this new place? (Tell me should I buy it?)
Should I move y'all? (With my money)
It'd be nice to have some more space (More space)

[Verse 2: Andy Samberg]
So I turned to my friends playing out by the pool
As I sipped on my drink, I screamed what should I do?
They just shrugged and I could tell that I was on my own
With this decision, no vision, which house to call my home
I had to get away so I flew to Majorca
Dove in the ocean, went swimming with orca
I drank too many piña coladas and fell asleep
Had a dream about both houses and began to weep

[Pre-Chorus 2: Akon]
Tell me how many houses can one man own?
I'll be paying in cash, got no need for a loan (But still)

[Chorus 2: Akon & (Andy Samberg)]
Should I move? (Should I move?)
Tell me should I buy this new place? (I don't know what to do)
Should I move y'all? (I think I should just buy it)
It'd be nice to have some more space (I think I'm gon' buy it)

[Outro: Andy Samber & Akon
So much pain, so many struggles
But I made it through
I bought the house, it's beautiful
And I kept the old one for my dogs
Sometimes it just works out (Shit works out)
Peace
Oh, and now I own two houses, oh

   
[Intro]
Ooh, 2 banditos

[Verse 1]
Well howdy ma'am, we the 2 banditos
Up in the club wearing bright pink tuxedos
Similar to our torpedoes, 'cept mine's brown
Gonna turn that frown into more of a frown
Hunter's kickin' it with Conner4Real, what's the deal?
I'm on some white boy shit man, tryna stack a mil
Yeah I'm also on my white boy shit, that's my birth right
Call my dick the shooting star (why?) cause it burns bright
I fucked your first cousin with the didgeridoo
And when she came, you know it sounded like "wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow"

[Chorus]
Yeah, you know we're 2 banditos
Yeah, you know we're 2 banditos
Yeah, you know we're 2 banditos
Do a little dance and drink a little water

[Post-Chorus]
Man, how'd I get the money? (Don't worry 'bout it)
Now they pissing on my couch (Don't worry 'bout it)
How they get so cool? (Don't worry 'bout it)
You've been struck by the 2 banditos
What the fuck is that? (Don't worry 'bout it)
Does this make me look fat? (Don't worry 'bout it)
I just ate a fucking rat (Don't worry 'bout it)
You've been struck by the 2 banditos
Dumb... dumb dumb... dumb... dumb dumb... stupid!

[Verse 2]
My name is Connor and I'm not a model citizen
I'll take a swig from this bottle that I jism in
I'm swimming in her prism and my interests is dwindling
And I'm hella bored too, fuck it
Banditos eat a lot of burritos
While we're fucking bald eagles
Hey, let's go back to the chorus dude (oh, okay)

[Chorus]
Yeah, we're 2 cute little kittens
Yeah, we're 2 cute little kittens
Yeah, we're 2 cute little kittens
Shut the fuck up!
Thank you

[Post-Chorus]
We just robbed the place (Don't worry 'bout it)
They just licked my face (Don't worry 'bout it)
Took a shit in your food (Don't worry 'bout it...rude!)
You've been struck by the 2 banditos
Pop this pill (Don't worry 'bout it)
Is that cocaine? (Don't worry 'bout it)
What is life? (Don't worry 'bout it)
You've been struck by the 2 banditos
Wow wow wow wow mother fucker (wow)

[Intro: The Lonely Island]
KidBrain

[Verse 1: The Lonely Island]
Boxing gloves, condoms and blue blockers
Dress shoes, a Sharpie and 3 quarters
A football, hacky sack, frisbee in the back and a baseball cap
Two folding chairs, adirondack
And a mini cooler filled with healthy snacks
Beach towels, sunblock, a surfboard and a sleeping bag
Bottled water, cashew nuts, extra socks, an American flag
Old boots, paper towels, Shopgirl: A Novella
Deodorant, house keys, sweatshirt, an umbrella
A golf club, basketball, bug spray
A laundry heap, a pocket knife, a battery
These are the things in my Jeep

[Chorus]
These are the things in my Jeep, Jeep, Jeep, Jeep, Jeep (x4)

[Verse 2: The Lonely Island]
Hairspray, a toy car, deck of cards, and some handy wipes
A bag of trash, a shoe lace, a rubiks cube, and a flashlight
A bandanna with my name on it
A mix tape, push play on it
A toothbrush and toothpaste
A tic tac in a briefcase
A dream catcher, a road map
Registration and insurance
A toy car, a rubber band and a tape of the Jimmy Hendrix Experience
A cup holder, a steering wheel, a soda can in the back seat, a phone charger, an old wallet
These are the things in my Jeep

[Verse 3: Linkin Park]
Hi, come inside, look around my Jeep
You will find such marvelous things
A broken stapler, some crumpled paper
Prepare for adventure, inside my Jeep

[Chorus]
These are the things in my Jeep, Jeep, Jeep, Jeep, Jeep
These are the things in my Jeep, Jeep, Jeep, Jeep, Jeep
These are the things, all of the things
These are the things that I keep in my Jeep
These are the things, all of the things
These are the things that I keep in my Jeep

[Verse 1]
I landed in London
At a quarter to noon
So excited to see her
Took a cab to her room
I know she's exquisite
So I had to visit
Pushed my back to the front of the door
And you wouldn't believe what I saw

[Chorus]
Ashley Wednesday
A spectacularly beautiful chick
With impeccable style and spectacular eyes
When we met, both of our souls clicked like a plug in a socket
Ashley Wednesday
Oh you hit me like a tonne of bricks
With illuminous hair and your sturdy teeth
I want our hearts to be joined at the hip so to speak

[Verse 2]
I gotta know
What is your stance on marriage?
Girl I really gotta know
Cause we never talk about it
But now I am proposing
Get this girl some diamonds
Please freaking say yes girl
I'm an American man
This is my native land
But for you I'd summer in England
But I will not go to France
On that I take a stand
But I hope you'll take my hand
Both in life and marriage
Step into my carriage
We'll park inside my garage
And live inside my house
As husband and wife

[Verse 1]
Hey Yo!
This one is dedicated to all the little kids out there
Whose parents are always riding them
Telling them to 'do your homework'
Never letting you eat dessert
Making you go to bed before you're ready
Well listen
The next time they are acting bogus
I want you to try this out
Stand up on your tippy toes
Look them dead in the eye
And say "Mom, Dad, you can both...

[Chorus 1]
Fuck off, I don't want your life
I don't owe you shit
And I hate your rules
Fuck off, so get out of my room
You can suck my dick
Motherfucking shit-head bitch
You can Fuck oh-oh oh-oh
I'm gonna live forever
Oh-oh oh-oh
I hope you get butt fucked in prison"

[Verse 2]
And that's what you should say
But what about at school
How many kids out there have a teacher
That's always riding them?
Saying "don't eat paste, don't talk during nap time"
Well the next time your teacher is being a grumpasaurus
Stand tall, look them dead in the eye
And say, "Teacher, could you help me out and just...

[Chorus 2]
Fuck off, you can't teach me shit
And if I was you, I'd slit my wrist
Fuck off, cause I might be young
But I'll dig your grave, 'til the job is done
You can Fuck oh-oh oh-oh
I'm gonna live forever
Oh-oh oh-oh
I hope you get butt fucked in prison"

[Bridge]
Because we are the kids in the USA
We think for ourselves, so get the fuck out our way
And all you adults can choke on shit
We hope you suffocate on a dog's dick

[Chorus 3]
Fuck off, you think I'm a punk
Your face looks like an elephant's cunt
Fuck off, cause you're not my dad
So shut the fuck up and wipe my ass
So fuck oh-oh oh-oh
I'm gonna live forever
Oh-oh oh-oh
I hope you get butt fucked in prison

Be good to each other peace

[Usher]
The donkey roll was the shit, that’s the reason why I dance

We are the Style Boyz, we came to party
So get on the floor and move your body
Lock into the beat and lose control
Don’t be a melvin, just (let me see that donkey roll)

Donkey roll
Let me see that donkey roll
Donkey roll
Let me see that donkey roll

Flap your arms like a bird flying around
Then point your fingers at the cold, dead ground
Make like a dude on an Egyptian scroll
Don’t be a melvin, just (let me see that donkey roll)

Donkey roll
Let me see that donkey roll
Donkey roll
Let me see that donkey roll

Donkey roll, donkey roll

   Dedicated to the people of España

There's a party tonight in Ibitha
We're gonna dance and eat pizza
Zesty, spicy, tasty, and lifely
Super sexy, not sexy slightly
Everyone is showing skin
DJ, let the record spin

In Ibitha-tha-tha-tha
Every day the fiesta-sta-sta-sta
Speakers boom on the dance floor-floor-floor
Everyone is a star-star-star

Our tummies are full of Paella
Here's a recipe of the Paella
Steamy broth sweet peas and lobsters
Tonight we eat like the conquistadors

There's a place far away making lots of noise
Where the boys are girls and the girls are boys
The vibes are full of love and peace
And people sound like they got their gap in their teeth
But they don't

In Ibitha-tha-tha-tha
Every day the fiesta-sta-sta-sta
Speakers boom on the dance floor-floor-floor
Everyone is a star-star-star

(There's a place far away making lots of noise
Where the boys are girls and the girls are boys
The vibes are full of love and peace
And people sound like they got their gap in their teeth
There's a place far away making lots of noise
Where the boys are girls and the girls are boys
The vibes are full of love and peace
And people sound like they got their gap in their teeth
But they don't)

Birds, wind and birds
They fill my heart up with darkness so cold

   
 
Zolita Breaks Down “Fight Like A Girl” On Genius’ Video Series ‘Verified’

A History Of Hip-Hop On ‘Jeopardy!’

Toro Y Moi Breaks Down “Girl Like You” On Genius’ Video Series ‘Verified’


What was that beat that we were messing with once that was like: [singing "Sick Glenda" beat]

[Intro: Michael Bolton]
Incredible thoughts
Incredible minds
I'm so overwhelmed
How did my brain conceive them?

[Verse 1: The Lonely Island]
A snow white dove in the pitch black night
A rain drop falls from tremendous heights
A wave crashes off of a cliff in Scotland
A child bites an apple, but the core is rotten
TV is free, but what is the cost?
We have GPS and yet, we're still lost
A carrot in the desert, a camel in the garden
A man with giant ears begging your pardon
What if a garbage man was actually smart?
A common misconception that we're tearing apart
And to a dog, dog food is just food
And to a sock, a mansion's just a big shoe
A milk dud, sitting in the acid rain
A house cat addicted to the cocaine
No teeth, unlimited floss
These are just a few of our incredible thoughts

[Chorus: Michael Bolton]
Incredible thoughts, incredible minds
Too many great ideas inside
It's a miracle my head can contain them
My spectacular brain
For all human kind
Changing how we think about space and time
Now it's time to share them with the people

[Verse 2: The Lonely Island & Michael Bolton & Mr. Fish]
A ballerina waits for the bus
A number one dad trophy covered in rust
An nun dunked a basketball living the impossible
A man breaks his leg inside a hospital
We just thought of that and it can change the world
World like a smart oyster full of pearls
Such as an ultrasound of a new baby
With a Santa hat drawn on, yeah that's my kind of Christmas card
What if a butterfly was made out of butter?
These small thoughts could destroy Big Brother
The world's cutest kittens just hugging a dog
Just one of many of our incredible thoughts
What if one thought could cure the people
What if one song could end all evil
Imagine if a fish could play guitar
And also sing, it would sound bizarre like
My name is Mr. Fish
These guys thoughts have granted my wish
And that may have just changed the course of time
I swear my mind blows my mind, incredible

[Chorus: Michael Bolton]
Incredible thoughts, incredible minds
Too many great ideas inside
It's a miracle my head can contain them
My spectacular brain
For all human kind
Changing how we think about space and time
Now it's time to share them with the people, my brain is a genius

[Outro: Michael Bolton]
Incredible thoughts
Incredible minds
I'm so overwhelmed
How did my brain conceive them?

Ohh yeah, ohh yeah
Words and truth

One fine evening on the sandy coast
The feeling was irie ’round the drum circle
When the wisest rasta I ever saw
Gently joined us and sang of Jah
Roots and culture seeped from his bones
He took out a spliff and said “pass ’dis around”

So I took a righteous drag
It was the best sensi that I ever had
And then I felt the chills run up my back
“My good man, tell me what was that?”
He said “My friend, you just smoked crack”
You just smoked crack
Ooh, crack
(You just smoked…)

I just smoked crack (oh my God)
It felt fucking great (this is amazing)
I thought it was marijuana, oh yeah
But now it’s too fucking late (I can’t come back down)
I love crack (holy shit)
And now I am invincible (fuck yeah)
If anyone tries to take my crack
I’ll kill them on principle

Some call crack bazooka
Others call it base
But no matter what name you call it
It’s the best invention ever by the human race
The government spread lies about it
They say that it is no fun but
On that plastic shell I sucky
Sucky-sucky-sucky-til the crack is gone

Now we should legalize it
Legalize it
Set the people free and legalize…

We should legalize crack
So that I can smoke it all (I can see God)
You can borrow it from your neighbors
Or buy it at the local mall
(Legalize crack)
I love crack
And I know it loves me (more fire)
So if you try to take my crack
You better fucking kill me

Thank you kind rasta
For showing me the way
Goodbye ganja
My crack is here to stay

[Hook]
I’m a weirdo, yeah I’m a weirdo
People looking at me crazy, I don’t care though
I’m a weirdo, w-w-weirdo
Ask me if I give a fuck, I say fuck no
I say fuck no, I say fuck no
Ask me if I give a fuck, I say fuck no

[Verse 1]
I’m a weirdo not a hero
Had a psych eval didn’t clear though
Ergo I say ear-go
Cut my ear off, now I can’t hear stereo
If that makes me weird, I’m weird
I use a Mach3 razor on my beard
I use a Mach10 razor down down here
Seven more blades cause I like it sheer
Use a banana as a telephone
Use a banana as a telephone
Use a banana as a telephone
Spoon in my ear cause my brain’s made of gelatone
Latin girls say “turn up the Reggaeton”
But it’s me in a wig, mind is hella gone
“Ay papi, you crazy”
Yeah I’m crazy for driving Miss Daisy
Best picture, must be doing something right
Chicken bit off my dick at a cockfight
Sewed it back on sitting at a stoplight
Bit a cop got a ticket for a cop bite
I’m demented and deranged, motherfucker
Choose the middle seat on a plane, motherfucker
Just wrong like a dog in Ray Bans
Piss off the roof, you could call me Rain Man
Best picture, must be doing something right
Shit, I’m repeating myself, man I’m not right

[Hook]
I’m a weirdo, yeah I’m a weirdo
People looking at me crazy, I don’t care though
I’m a weirdo, w-w-weirdo
Ask me if I give a fuck, I say fuck no
I say fuck no, I say fuck no
Ask me if I give a fuck, I say fuck no
Ask me if I give a fuck, I say fuck no

[Intro]
Y'all ready for this

[Hook]
You're a motherfucking titty sucking two ball bitch
With a popcorn pussy and a full on dick

[Verse 1]
I got a 40, dog! What you wanna do?
I got my dick hard, yeah we do too
I put a dick in your ear, cock in your minds
Sac-Town represent we came to drop bombs
Rolling with my brothers, pipe bomb shit
Smoking cotton candy with some rain drops in it
Sac-Town president two years straight
Check the yearbook, most likely to penetrate
Cops tryna get me, take me under with the stunner
Pigs you could suck my dick, so take a number

[Hook]
Rock, roll, skate
Eat a bag of shit
Rock, roll, skate
Eat a motherfucking dick
You're a motherfucking titty sucking two ball bitch
With a popcorn pussy and a full on dick
Style Boyz in the house and we gives a fuck
So whip out your nuts and shut the fuck up

[Interlude]
Calling all cars, be on the lookout for three intoxicated young men wearing a Starter jacket, expensive jewelry, Girbaud jeans, and big dicks

[Verse 2]
I'm on the boardwalk, cold eyes of a cougar
Selling devil's rock with a hand on my luger
Kid Brain back to 80 with the ladies
Every fourth girl I mother crush like crazy
My penis, the h-o-t-ness
Girls give me so much brain and I'm a genius
This is that rock-roll music, that cock pole music
So get your face out of my face before I bruise it

[Hook]
Rock, roll, skate
Eat a bag of shit
Rock, roll, skate
Eat a motherfucking dick
You're a motherfucking titty sucking two ball bitch
With a popcorn pussy and a full on dick
Style Boyz in the house and we gives a fuck
So whip out your nuts and shut the fuck up

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah, what

[Verse 1]
Rock hard, bitch disregard everything
Anything, anyone, everyone got a gun
So you don't have to tell me shit
Whip out my dick and take a shit
Think I'm not a alien, fuck you trick
I just took a shit (Out my motherfucking dick)
My grandmama is hot it makes me sick
It makes me wanna make out with her and suck on her tits
But that's just me, I'm Hunter the hungry
Rather fuck you cause your girlfriend is fugly
Which in my books if for fun and giggly
Hehe-hehe-hehe
Teepee, teepee where I live
Eat raw meat like the Indians did, bitch

[Hook]
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, fuck your ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, what's up bro

[Verse 2]
Not a god damn thing (x8)
Call friend, ring ding ding ding (Hello?)
I'm the lawnmower man, only more perverted
If you ain't seen that flick then your head is hurting
Fuck your whole team and that horse you rode in on
Seriously the horse looks great (Hunter!)
I wanna fuck right now
Your horse looks great so you better get down (Hunter!)
Song was a hit even though I gave a shit when I wrote it

[Hook]
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, fuck your ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya ho
Hey ya, hey ya, what's up bro

Ohh Maximus
You are the best of us
Ohh my Maximus
Ohh I will never let you go

Do you remember
We dressed like Ninja Turtles on Halloween
Then they put you on their firing line and shot you down
Your blood stains the pages of the magazine
I miss you, my old friend
You took a little doo doo in my hand
And now all I do is cry, cry, cry
Cry, cry, cry

You were my best friend
I love you Maximus
Why’d you leave me?
I’m so alone
I’m so alone

Tell the fields of Elysium my friend
I love you


